Russia claims thousands fleeing Ukraine
Russia says 143,000 Ukrainians have already left Ukraine for Russia.
Thousands of Ukrainians are fleeing across the border into Russia as pro-Russian forces defy the new interim government and the conflict threatens to escalate, Russian officials say.
According to the border services, since the beginning of the events in Ukraine, 143,000 people have already left Ukraine for Russia," the Senate's deputy speaker Yevgeny Bushmin said in a televised speech on Saturday as the upper house voted to approve military intervention.
The head of the citizenship department of the Federal Migration Service, Valentina Kazakova, confirmed the number to journalists.
The tragic events in Ukraine have sharply increased the number of applications to regional migration authorities," she said, quoted by the ITAR-TASS news agency.
In the last two weeks of February around 143,000 people have applied.
That puts great pressure on the regions bordering Ukraine.
People are bewildered, frightened and despondent," she said.
She said that Ukrainians who already live in Russia were also applying for citizenship in greater numbers than usual.
The governors of three of the five Russian regions bordering Ukraine told ITAR-TASS news agency that thousands were arriving across the frontier.
The governor of Bryansk region, Nikolai Denin, told ITAR-TASS he observed "an influx of Ukrainian citizens who want to stay in Russia until the situation normalises in their country.
The governor of the Rostov region Vasily Golubev said he also saw a "significant inflow of Ukrainian citizens.
The governor of the Belgorod region, Yevgeny Savchenko, said that "thousands of good people are coming to the Belgorod region, not only from southeastern Ukraine but also from its central region, escaping from the lawlessness of rebels who seized power in Kiev.
Ukraine has a population of around 46 million, while Crimea, where pro-Kremlin militia have taken control, has around two million residents.
Armenia hopes for Ukraine peace after deadly clashes in Kiev
Armenia regrets the latest spate of violence in Ukraine resulting in dozens of victims, a Foreign Ministry spokesman said on Wednesday.
In comments to the state-run Armenpress news agency Tigran Balayan spoke about Yerevan’s attitude towards the events in Kiev where at least 26 people were killed and hundreds were injured as a result of clashes between anti-government protesters and security forces.
“We deeply regret the tens of victims as a result of clashes in Kiev.
Ukraine is a friendly country for Armenia.
We hope that the sides will resume talks to achieve a peaceful settlement of contentious issues,” the Foreign Ministry spokesman said.
Dynamo to play Valencia in Cyprus
FC Dynamo Kyiv and Valencia CF's UEFA Europa League round of 32 opener will be played in Nicosia, Cyprus, due to the security situation in the Ukrainian capital.
UEFA has decided to change the venue for the UEFA Europa League match between FC Dynamo Kyiv and Valencia CF, which was scheduled to take place on Thursday 20 February at the NSK Olimpiyskyi Stadium in Kyiv, due to the security situation in the Ukrainian capital.
The round of 32 first-leg game will now be played at the GSP Stadium in Nicosia, Cyprus, on Thursday 20 February from 20.00 local time (19.00CET).
Ukraine leader Yanukovych willing to hold early elections: Polish PM
WARSAW (AFP) - Ukraine's President Viktor Yanukovych told EU envoys he was willing to hold early elections this year, Polish Prime Minister Donald Tusk said Thursday, after clashes between anti-government protesters and police in Kiev left dozens dead.
The foreign ministers of France, Germany and Poland held talks with Yanukovych on Thursday to negotiate a document that "possibly offers some hope towards breaking the chain of violence", Tusk told reporters in Warsaw.
Among other things it was agreed with Yanukovych that there was a willingness to hold early elections this year, both presidential and parliamentary," Tusk said about the talks with France's Laurent Fabius, Germany's Frank-Walter Steinmeier and Poland's Radoslaw Sikorski.
Tusk added that Yanukovych was willing to form a national unity government in the next 10 days and to change the constitution before the summer.
The envoys held several hours of talks with Yanukovych and with the three main leaders of the opposition in Kiev, as the European Union agreed on Thursday to impose a travel ban and asset freeze on Ukrainians deemed responsible for human rights violations, violence and excessive use of force.
Sikorski took to Twitter late Thursday following talks with the opposition saying: "...on the way back to the President to help negotiations.
Progress made but important differences remain." Tusk called on Poles to declare their solidarity with neighbour Ukraine by lighting candles in windows across the country Friday evening in honour of those who died in Kiev.
Meanwhile, German Chancellor Angela Merkel and US President Barack Obama joined with Russian President Vladimir Putin on Thursday to call for an urgent political solution to the deadly crisis gripping Ukraine.
The chancellor and the presidents have reached an agreement to call for a political solution to the crisis in Ukraine as quickly as possible and for an end to the bloodbath," the German government said in a statement released after phone calls between the Western leaders and Putin, who have been at odds over Ukraine's future.
The unrest in Ukraine was initially ignited by Yanukovych's shock decision in November to ditch a historic EU trade and political association agreement in favour of closer ties with Russia.
Police track people laying flowers to Taras Shevchenko monument (photo)
Police officers were seen writing down their names and passport information. 
Italy summons Ukrainian ambassador in Rome
(ANSA) - Rome, January 24 - Italy requested a snap meeting with the Ukrainian ambassador to Rome on Friday to express "concerns" about escalating protests in Ukraine.
The meeting was called by Italian Foreign Minister Emma Bonino.
Earlier Friday, protests expanded after talks between President Viktor Yanukovych and the opposition stalled.
In the western Ukrainian city of Ivano-Frankivsk, activists occupied a regional government office and were reportedly storming another one in Chernivtsi.
Demonstrations were triggered in November by Ukraine's last-minute decision to call off a proposed free-trade deal with the European Union.
The situation escalated this week when the first of several deaths were reported in the crisis.
Poland recommends 'prudent joint action' against Ukraine authorities
Prime Minister Donald Tusk has said he will be pushing for a "responsible" use of sanctions against Ukraine when he speaks to the European Commission president following three people being killed in Kiev during violent clashes with police.
Poland recommends 'prudent joint action' against Ukraine authorities
Prime Minister Donald Tusk has said he will be pushing for a "responsible" use of sanctions against Ukraine when he speaks to the European Commission president following three people being killed in Kiev during violent clashes with police.
Tusk told reporters in Warsaw on Wednesday that his government recommends "joint action across the European Union to events in Ukraine and most importantly, a prudent and responsible use of tools that are at the disposal of the international community".
Therefore, together with our partners, we will be looking for such a course of action, which will bring the desired effect [...] to stop the violence and repression against citizens and participants in the democratic opposition in Ukraine," Tusk added before speaking to European Commission president Jose Manuel Barroso on the worsening situation in the ex-Soviet state.
PM Tusk's remarks come after Ukraine's attorney general confirmed that three people had died on Wednesday morning as police attempted to clear barricades near government building in Kiev.
The opposition claims that at least one of the protesters was shot dead by police sniper fire.
The European Union has called on Ukraine's government and opposition to "engage in a genuine dialogue".
I strongly condemn the violent escalation of events in Kiev overnight leading to casualties.
The reported deaths of several protesters are a source of extreme worry," EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton said in a statement.
Two hundred were injured at the weekend when violent protest erupted following Ukraine's parliament passing tough anti-protest legislation, in reaction to demonstrations against President Yanukovich refusing to sign trade and other deals with the EU in November.
The US Embassy in Ukraine said Wednesday that those responsible for the use of force against protesters in Kiev will be deprived of American visas.
The embassy revealed that "several citizens of Ukraine related to the use of force" were refused visas to the US in November and December last year, though the statement did not name the officials involved, the PAP news agency reports.
Ukraine Says It Uncovered Plot to Create People's Republic in Odessa
Ukraine's Security Service said it has detained several people accused of plotting to declare a separatist "people's republic" in Odessa on the Black Sea, similarly to rebel territories in Ukraine's east.
Security officers seized explosives and weapons from members of the alleged rebel group, the SBU said Monday on its website.
The security service also claimed that the alleged separatist group was headed by a Russian citizen, whom the statement identified only by his last name, Stepanov, and was "created and funded by Russian secret services.
Odessa, a Black Sea port city with a substantial Russian-speaking population, was the site of deadly clashes between pro-Moscow and pro-European activists this spring.
More than 40 people were killed during the violence, most of whom were caught in a building that was set on fire.
Since then the city, renowned across the former Soviet Union for its ethnic mix and a wry sense of humor, has remained largely peaceful.
Crimean Tatar protesters protest in Simferopol
The flag of the Tatars was the rallying call for an estimated 10,000 protesters outside the Crimean regional parliament in Simferopol.
It was a show
The flag of the Tatars was the rallying call for an estimated 10,000 protesters outside the Crimean regional parliament in Simferopol.
It was a show of unity by a people who see themselves as Russian but citizens of Ukraine.
Their ancestors were purged from the region in 1944 during Soviet rule by Stalin.
An official apology with a call to return to Ukraine was given by Kyiv in 1991.
They do not want the country to be divided.
NATO to review deployment of U.S. missile defense system in Georgia
NATO Secretary General's Special Representative for the Caucasus and Central Asia, James Appathurai responded to a statement by Georgian Defense Minister Irakli Alasania on the need to deploy U.S. missile defense systems in Georgia.
NATO deputy secretary general promised he will pass this message to allies.
It is necessary to note that NATO does not have its own defense systems, while the allies have similar systems.
The alliance can always provide support in this, as it has done in Turkey, during the Syrian conflict.
Minister Alasania's message was clear and I am sure it will be reviewed at NATO," Appathurai said.
Earlier, during the 'Toward a Europe Whole and Free' conference held at the Atlantic Council in Washington, D.C., Irakli Alasania urged the alliance to deploy U.S. defense systems in Georgia, as well as in other aspirant countries of the alliance.
Alasania believes that this measure is an appropriate response to Russia's actions in Ukraine.
The defense minister said, "At this stage, the unity between the EU and NATO and the U.S. leadership are important for Georgia.
USS Donald Cook ship departs Black Sea, USS Taylor stays
The US warship USS Donald Cook departed the Black Sea two weeks after being mobilized to reassure the allies of the United States’ commitment to the region, during the tense situation in Ukraine.
The ship conducted a port visit and exercises at sea with the Romanian navy and the Oliver Hazard Perry-class frigate USS Taylor, according to the US Navy.
The day before the scheduled departure from the Black Sea, Donald Cook conducted a surface exercise with Taylor and the Romanian navy ships ROS Regina Maria (F 222) and ROS Marasesti (F 111).
The exercise consisted of a simulated attack by small, fast attack craft, requiring exercise participants to work in close communication with each other to repel the simulated attack.
The only American ship remaining in the Black Sea is the frigate USS Taylor.
Earlier in April Russians denounced the presence of USS Taylor in the Black Sea, saying it exceeded the legal stay.
According to the Montreux Convention from 1936, warships from countries other than those with Black Sea access can only stay in the Black Sea for 21 days maximum.
Seoul refuses to recognize Russia's Crimea annexation
South Korea does not recognize Russia’s move to annex Crimea, the Foreign Ministry said Wednesday, joining some Western countries’ denouncement of Russian President Vladimir Putin’s takeover of the previous Ukrainian territory.
On Tuesday, Putin signed a treaty of accession with new leaders of Crimea, making the southern region of Ukraine a territory of Russia.
The takeover took place as political instability continued in Crimea after the collapse late last month of Ukraine’s previous Viktor Yanukovych government.
Major Western countries, including the United States, denounced Putin’s action to be nationalistic and threatened tougher sanctions against Russia, with some media reports heralding a new cold war era.
Joining such critical voices, South Korea’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs voiced concerns over Russia’s takeover of Crimea.
“The sovereignty, territorial right and independence of Ukraine must necessarily be respected,” the ministry said in statement.
“Our government cannot recognize the (recent) referendum on Crimean people and Russia’s (subsequent) annexation of Crimea.” 
Russia announced that more than 90 percent of Crimean residents approved Russia’s takeover of the region in a referendum last week, but allegations of a possible fraud have been raised.
Eight Spaniards arrested after returning from combat in Ukraine
The detainees are suspected to have fought alongside pro-Russian forces.
They are facing charges of compromising the peace and interests of Spain, homicide, and possession of arms and explosives
The eight Spaniards belong to several different communist organizations, and had received support from an unofficial pro-Russian European network.
The operation was completed after three of the men returned to Spain during February – the last of the men arrived last week.
Police sources have not yet stated whether Rafael Muñoz Pérez, 27, and Ángel Davilla-Rivas, 22, were among the detainees.
The pair were last year confirmed to have joined the Vostok Batallion , under the orders of Igor Strelkov, the head of the Armed Forces of the People’s Republic of Donetsk.
The identification of the detainees was facilitated by the suspects’ habit of posting photos of themselves with military equipment on social networking sites
Ukraine launches 'anti-terrorist' operation, one killed
Forces from all security units take part of operation in eastern town of Slaviansk, says interior minister.
One Ukrainian state security officer was killed and five others were wounded on the side of government forces in an "anti-terrorist" operation on Sunday against pro-Russian separatist militants in a city in the east, the interior minister said.
On the side of the separatists there had been an "unidentifiable number" of casualties during the operation in the town of Slaviansk, the minister, Arsen Avakov, said on his Facebook page
Ukrainian security forces launched the operation earlier Sunday to end the grip of separatists on an eastern town.
An anti-terrorist operation has begun in Slaviansk.
It is being directed by the anti-terrorist center of the state security service.
Forces from all the security units of the country have been brought in," Interfax news agency quoted , Ukraine's interior minister, Arsen Avakov, as saying on his Facebook page.
Avakov told residents in Slaviansk to stay indoors, in anticipation of clashes between pro-Russian militants who have seized official buildings and Ukrainian security forces.
Pass it on to all civilians: they should leave the centre of town, not come out of their apartments, and not go near the windows," Interfax Ukraine news agency quoted Arsen Avakov as saying.
He also said there was gunfire in the city, but a Reuters reporter outside the town's police headquarter in Slaviansk said he had not heard shooting, but did say that two military helicopters were flying overhead.
Pro-Russian activists carrying automatic weapons seized government buildings in the town about 150 kilometers (90 miles) from the Russian border on Saturday, and set up barricades on the outskirts of the city.
About a dozen women, who had been in the building when it was seized, were evacuated as soon as Avakov's announcement was made known.
A group of up to a 100 civilians, many of them elderly women, stood in front of the building, chanting messages of solidarity to the protesters inside, including "Referendum!", a reference to demands for a local poll to be held to determine a separate status for the region.
On the building's forecourt, which itself was barricaded, protesters beat out a defiant tattoo on shields they were carrying.
 Pro-Russian protesters seize the police headquarters, while a military helicopter flies above, in Slaviansk April 13, 2014.
Ukraine rebels withdraw from Donetsk outskirts
Pro-Russian separatists Wednesday exited three towns on the outskirts of the eastern city of Donetsk and areas surrounding the airport...
Zeman appears on Russian TV to blast sanctions
Despite large opposition to his cozy stance on Russia, Czech president says Ukraine is experiencing nothing other than a ‘civil war’
Moscow, Nov.17 (ČTK) — Czech President Miloš Zeman again voiced his critical position with regard to the sanctions the West has imposed against Russia over its policy in the Ukrainian crisis in a Russian-language interview with the Channel One Russia television channel today.
He repeated the view that there was a civil war in Ukraine.
“In my view, it is most important to understand that there is simply a civil war in Ukraine,” Zeman said.
“We must not be busy with any dreams of support, including economic support, for Ukraine, because in the conditions of a civil war economic support is absolute nonsense,” he replied to the question of how long, in his view, the EU sanctions against Russia would last.
Zeman said “an agreement between Ukrainians and Ukrainians” was the first step to resolve the situation.
The second step should be an agreement on gas and an agreement on saving Ukraine from bankruptcy, as there is a real risk of this happening, he added.
In a civil war, any economic help is a waste of money, Zeman said.
As far as the sanctions against Russia are concerned, he said he believed this was a no-win (in his words, a “lose-lose”) strategy.
He said the voices against the sanctions could be heard not only from the Czech Republic, but also from other European countries such as Slovakia, Hungary and “perhaps also Austria.”
Zeman said some European countries were speaking about the fight against Islamic terrorism being the most important things and that a sort of strategic partnership of Russia, China, the EU and the United States had to be found in the struggle against this real threat.
When it comes to the estimate of how long the Ukrainian crisis may still last, Zeman said he was “a bit pessimistic” because of the risk of Ukrainian bankruptcy.
If it were not for the risk, he would expect some efficient measures relating to the fuel, gas and others to exist in the months to come.
NATO Recon Missed Everything: Admiral Reveals Details of Crimea Operation
Retired Admiral Igor Kasatonov revealed details of the 2014 Crimean operation and gave insight into his role in the history of the Russian Black Sea Fleet.
The 2014 operation in which Ukrainian military bases were blocked was successful because NATO reconnaissance did not monitor it, the former commander of the Russian Black Sea Fleet, Admiral Igor Kasatonov, told RIA Novosti.
In Crimea, NATO reconnaissance missed everything it could and couldn't have.
One of the reasons for this is the policy of strict radio silence during the grouping's concentration, as well as the skilled use of the Sevastopol base, and the transportation which brought the Armed Forces to Crimea.
The Admiral, who headed the Russian Black Sea Fleet in 1991 and 1992, also revealed the scope of the Crimean operation:
I was told that Ukrainians were given the information that in February in Kacha (Sevastopol), three helicopters would land, but six landed instead, at the Gvardeysky airfield one Il-76 would land, but three landed instead, 500 people.
These were diversionary units, spotters and guides which acted together with the Fleet grouping.
Russian and Very Strong: Crimea's Military a Year Since Reunification In addition, Admiral Kasatonov talked about his historical role in the Black Sea Fleet in the early 1990s, when negotiations led to the demise of the Black Sea Fleet in comparison to what it was before:
After August 3, 1992, the negotiation process led to catastrophic consequences: the Black Sea Fleet left everywhere except Crimea — Mykolaiv, Kherson, Odessa.
Only Sevastopol, Feodosiya and Gvardeyskoye airfield near Simferopol were left.
These were humongous mistakes.
Admiral Kasatonov also revealed what he knew about the operation, saying that the famous "polite people" were Army Spetsnaz and that the situation could have easily gone out of control if they hadn't disarmed the Ukrainian military bases in Crimea prior to blocking them in.
Transnistria wants to merge with Russia
Mikhail Burla, Chairman of the Supreme Council of Transnistria, sent a request to merge with Russia to Speaker of the Lower House of the Russian Parliament Sergey Naryshkin, Vedomosti reports.
The request was made in the light of the recent A Fair Russia bill on the simplification of annexation in Russia.
According to the document, a country may become a Russian territory via referendum regardless of its government’s opinion, if there is no efficient legitimate government in the country.
The party wihhdrew its bill yesterday.
Mikhail Burla, Chairman of the Supreme Council of Transnistria, sent a request to merge with Russia to Speaker of the Lower House of the Russian Parliament Sergey Naryshkin, Vedomosti reports.
The request was made in the light of the recent A Fair Russia bill on the simplification of annexation in Russia.
According to the document, a country may become a Russian territory via referendum regardless of its government’s opinion, if there is no efficient legitimate government in the country.
The party wihhdrew its bill yesterday.
Executive Order on recognising Republic of Crimea
Vladimir Putin signed Executive Order On Recognising the Republic of Crimea.
The Executive Order reads, in part:
“Given the declaration of will by the Crimean people in a nationwide referendum held on March 16, 2014, the Russian Federation is to recognise the Republic of Crimea as a sovereign and independent state, whose city of Sevastopol has a special status.”
The Executive Order comes into force on the day of its signing.
Government Order on checkpoints at the Russian border in the Republic of Crimea and Sevastopol
Directive has established air, sea, road and railway checkpoints.
The adopted decisions create a legal basis for the functioning of a checkpoint system at the Russian state border in the Republic of Crimea and Sevastopol.
Directive has established air, sea, road and railway checkpoints.
The adopted decisions create a legal basis for the functioning of a checkpoint system at the Russian state border in the Republic of Crimea and Sevastopol.
The document was prepared by the Federal Agency for the Development of the State Border.
Passport, customs and other types of border control are conducted at the aforementioned checkpoints according to the established procedure.
The adopted decisions create a legal basis for the functioning of a checkpoint system on the Russian state border in the Republic of Crimea and Sevastopol.
Poroshenko: Ceasefire in Southeastern Ukraine Benefited Country's Defense Capabilities
KIEV, October 25 (RIA Novosti) - The ceasefire agreement in southeastern Ukraine benefited the country's defense capabilities, but there is no military solution for the crisis, the Saturday appeal of the Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko stated.
The decision on the ceasefire primarily benefited defense capabilities...
And today we are much stronger than we were six weeks ago," the statement said.
According to Poroshenko, only a political settlement can bring back Ukraine's southeastern regions, "where there is no military solution to the problem.
Therefore, no carping, - no matter how sharp and painful it may be - will not stop me from finding a peaceful way out of this situation," the appeal said.
The crisis in Ukraine escalated in mid-April when Kiev launched a military operation against independence supporters in the country’s southeastern regions.
On September 5, during a meeting of representatives from Ukraine, Russia and the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe ( OSCE ) in Minsk, a ceasefire agreement was signed between Kiev and Ukraine’s self-proclaimed people’s republics of Donetsk and Luhansk.
Additional ceasefire provisions were agreed upon during the second meeting of the Contact Group on Ukraine held in Minsk on September 19.
Since then, both the Kiev forces and independence fighters repeatedly accused each other of violating the truce.
Kiev Says Amnestied 3 Luhansk Federalists Who Laid Down Arms
Three pro-federalization supporters from eastern Ukraine’s Luhansk who had laid down their arms have been absolved of criminal responsibility, Andriy Senchenko, acting Deputy Head of the Ukrainian Presidential Administration said Wednesday.
KIEV, May 14 (RIA Novosti) – Three pro-federalization supporters from eastern Ukraine’s Luhansk who had laid down their arms have been absolved of criminal responsibility, Andriy Senchenko, acting Deputy Head of the Ukrainian Presidential Administration said Wednesday.
“So to speak, we managed to persuade three people out of 47 with whom we had been negotiating to lay down arms.
And prosecutors found the way to exempt them from criminal liability," Senchenko told reporters.
The interim Ukraine authorities are prepared to grant individual amnesty to every protester, provided that they were not involved in the perpetration of serious crimes, he said.
The Ukrainian Party of Regions has repeatedly demanded parliament pass an amnesty law for all protesters in the southeast of the country.
Kiev authorities claimed they are ready to grant amnesty to the federalization supporters but only under condition that they lay down their arms and leave the government buildings they are holding.
The law has yet to be reviewed by parliament.
The Donetsk and Luhansk regions have declared independence from Ukraine based on the results of referendums held on Sunday.
The decision was immediately declared illegal by the US and EU.
The Kremlin said in a statement Monday it respected the will of the people in Ukraine’s southeast and urged the regime in Kiev to do the same.
The Kremlin said it condemned “the use of force including military hardware against peaceful citizens which led to deaths” during the referendums.
Luhansk Region Closes Nine Coal Mines Over Power Outage Risk
LUHANSK, July 27 (RIA Novosti) - Nine coal mines have been temporarily closed and 3,000 miners have been evacuated in Ukraine's eastern region of Luhansk due to the threat of a power outage, leaving no working mines in the region, a local news portal CityNews reported on Sunday.
The mining had to be stopped and people brought to the surface because two high-voltage power lines that belong to Ukrenergo have been damaged as a result of military action," the report said.
A total of 3,000 people were evacuated.
Until the threat of the power being cut off is extinguished, the mines will work in the life-support regime (ventilation and unwatering)," the report said.
Four other mines have already suspended work in the Luhansk Region since July 11, after the death of miners following a bus explosion and due to the ongoing military action near the enterprise.
Kiev authorities launched a special military operation in eastern Ukraine in mid-April in a crackdown on the independence movement.
The fighting intensified after Donetsk and Luhansk regions proclaimed themselves independent people’s republics.
Hundreds of people, including civilians have died in both regions over the past months.
Moscow has described the ongoing military action as a punitive operation and has repeatedly called on Kiev to put an immediate end to the bloodshed.
Russia’s Foreign Ministry has also urged the international community to intervene and investigate the crimes against humanity that occurred in Ukraine in recent months.
Kiev's Refusal to Maintain Ceasefire at MH17 Crash Site Violates UNSC Resolution - Russia
MOSCOW, August 8 (RIA Novosti) — Russia considers Kiev’s decision to suspend the ceasefire at the crash site of the Malaysian Boeing passenger plane in eastern Ukraine a violation of a UN Security Council resolution demanding the cessation of all combat action in the area, the Foreign Ministry said Friday.
“It [the decision] is a clear violation of the Resolution 2166, which has demanded an immediate stop to combat around the site," the ministry said in a statement.
The Ukrainian government announced that the ceasefire at the site will be interrupted "until the second phase of the investigation.”
Earlier on Friday, however, Ukraine’s Cabinet of Ministers said the ceasefire in the 20-kilometer (12.4-mile) zone around the crash site is still in effect and that Ukrainian troops would not launch military activities there.
A group of international investigators Thursday decided to suspend their work in the area where Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 crashed on July 17, killing all 298 people on board.
The plane, en route from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur, carried nearly 200 Dutch citizens.
The Dutch authorities announced that the search for the remains of the crash victims was halted due to the dangerous situation around the crash site and will resume once the security situation allows.
Kiev authorities and independence supporters have been blaming each other for the downing of the plane, with independence supporters insisting they lacked the means to shoot down a target flying at that height.
The US continues to blame Russia, which allegedly provided weapons to the independence forces.
Self-Defense Forces Blast Bridge in Horlivka, Ukraine to Stop Kiev Army
HORLIVKA, August 6 (RIA Novosti) - Self-defense forces in eastern Ukraine have blasted a pedestrian bridge in the city of Horlivka in Donetsk Region in an attempt to stop the offensive of the Kiev Army , a RIA Novosti correspondent reported in the early hours of Wednesday.
The bridge was connecting the central part of the city with its northern areas.
A highway bridge runs parallel to the pedestrian one and will be blasted if needed.
Horlivka is a large industrial center located in about 35 kilometers (20 miles) northwest of Donetsk.
The city's population is 360,000 people.
Kiev has been leading a military operation in southeastern Ukraine since mid-April, trying to suppress protests by independence supporters in the region who have refused to recognize the legitimacy of the new government.
The fighting intensified after Donetsk and Luhansk regions proclaimed themselves independent people’s republics.
Hundreds of people, including civilians have died in both regions over the past months.
Moscow has described the ongoing military action as a punitive operation and has repeatedly called on Kiev to put an immediate end to the bloodshed.
Russia’s Foreign Ministry has also urged the international community to intervene and investigate the crimes against humanity that occurred in Ukraine in recent months.
Luhansk 'people's governor' orders referendum May 11
At a referendum, people will be asked to say whether they support state autonomy for the Luhansk People’s Republic
Donetsk, Luhansk armies to form armed forces
The new structure will be called the United Armed Forces of Novorossiya
Nuland Claims 400-500 Russian Soldiers Killed in Eastern Ukraine
US Assistant Secretary of State for European and Eurasian Affairs Victoria Nuland claimed Russian military have been killed in eastern Ukraine.
Poroshenko's Move to Prove Russian Involvement in Ukrainian Conflict Met With Memes, Mockery WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — Hundreds of Russian soldiers were killed during the crisis in eastern Ukraine, US Assistant Secretary of State for European and Eurasian Affairs Victoria Nuland said during a testimony before the US Senate Foreign Relations Committee on Tuesday.
Since the start of the government forces' military assault on eastern Ukraine's independence supporters in April 2014, Kiev and the West have repeatedly accused Russia of intervening in the Ukrainian crisis.
The accusations went as far as to claim that Moscow sent troops and weapons to help the independence militias.
Nevertheless, the Kremlin has dismissed the claims as not corroborated by any evidence.
Moscow does not deny, however, that some of its nationals are fighting in Donbas as volunteers.
“It is pretty difficult to have a completely accurate assessment given Russia’ efforts to mask its dead, but we estimate it in hundreds and hundreds… I cannot speak to more than 400-500 [soldiers] at the moment,” Nuland said.
Nuland also described the crisis in eastern Ukrainian as Russia’s "invasion" of Ukraine.
Washington can confirm that Russia has moved more tanks and heavy artillery into eastern Ukraine in the last few days, US Assistance Secretary of State Victoria Nuland said on Tuesday.
“Just in the last few days, we can confirm new transfers of Russian tanks, armored vehicles, heavy artillery and rocket equipment over the border to the separatists in eastern Ukraine,” Nuland stated during a Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing on US policy toward Ukraine.
Late January, the chief of Ukraine’s General Military Staff Viktor Muzhenko acknowledged that Russian regular army units were not involved in combat action in the troubled Donetsk and Luhansk regions, however, adding that he had information about Russian civilian and military individuals fighting alongside independence supporters in the country’s east.
Putin asks Federation Council to cancel the resolution on use of Russian forces in Ukraine
The president's decision is connected to the start of three-party talks on the settlement of the situation in south-eastern Ukraine
Russian President Vladimir Putin has asked the Federation Council (upper house of parliament) to cancel its resolution that allows to use Russian Armed Forces in Ukraine, presidential spokesman Dmitry Peskov told ITAR-TASS on Tuesday.
Russia demands condemnation of mercenaries' activity in eastern Ukraine
Troops loyal to Kiev and local militias in the southeastern Ukrainian Donetsk and Luhansk regions are involved in fierce clashes 
Protesters hoist Donetsk People's Republic's flag in Novoazovsk, Krasnoarmeisk
Armed hostilities in Luhansk damage over 60 gas pipes
Red Cross admits Ukraine is in a state of civil war
It urges to respect international humanitarian law
The International Committee of the Red Cross said on Wednesday that Ukraine was in a state of civil war and called on the parties in conflict to respect international humanitarian law.
“Fighting in eastern Ukraine continues to take its toll on civilians, and we urge all the sides to comply with international humanitarian law, otherwise known as the law of armed conflict,” ICRC director of operations Dominik Stillhart said.
“These rules and principles apply to all parties to the non-international armed conflict in Ukraine and impose restrictions on the means and methods of warfare that they may use,” the Red Cross said in a statement received by Itar-Tass.
Prior to that, the Geneva-based humanitarian organization had refrained from giving the exact definition of a conflict that is under way in Ukraine.
An internal armed conflict or a “non-international armed conflict”, according to the term used by the Red Cross, means that the country is being torn by a civil war.
Though the Red Cross is not officially saying the term “civil war”, this is exactly how the conflict in Ukraine can be classified, the Red Cross said.
“The ICRC reiterates that, under international humanitarian law, attacks may be directed only against military objectives and not against civilians, nor against civilian objects such as homes, schools, medical facilities and vehicles, community shelters or places of worship.
International humanitarian law also stipulates respect and protection for the civilian population and those not (or no longer) participating in hostilities, such as the sick, the wounded and those who have been detained, who must be treated with dignity at all times,” Stillhart went on to say.
He arrived in Ukraine on Wednesday to discuss with the parties in conflict the ongoing repatriation of the bodies of those who died in the Boeing 777 crash over Ukraine’s Donetsk region on July 17.
Most Ukrainians Dissatisfied With Performance of Yatsenyuk, Poroshenko
More than a half of Ukrainian citizens are dissatisfied with the performance of Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko and Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk, an opinion poll by the Kiev International Institute of Sociology (KIIS) revealed Monday.
KIEV (Sputnik) – According to the KIIS, 55.4 percent of Ukrainians are not happy with the performance of the president, while the performance of the Prime Minister was down-voted by 66.7 percent of Ukrainians.
The survey also revealed that Poroshenko would gain only 26.9 percent of votes in the presidential elections if they were held in July 2015, while Arseniy Yatsenyuk would get only 2.4 percent.
Poroshenko won the presidential elections in Ukraine in May 2014 with the support of 54.7 percent of voters.
Ukrainian presidential election turnout tops 60 percent - chief election official
The voter turnout in the early presidential election in Ukraine was over 60 percent, said Mykhailo Okhendovskyi, the head of the Central Election Commission.
Voting data has already been obtained from 188 constituencies out of the total 189 where the voting took place, he said at a briefing on Monday.
Already one can say that the turnout was over 60 percent," Okhendovskyi said.
One district election commission does not have the opportunity to give information to the Elections system, the official said.
We can talk about the final results on voter turnout after the original protocols are obtained from all the polling stations, Okhendovskyi said
According to the data from the elections information analogue system shown on a screen at the CEC press center, the voter turnout was 60.29 percent according to the information from 188 constituencies, an Interfax correspondent said.
The highest turnout was in the Lviv (78.2 percent), Ternopil (76.63 percent) and Ivano-Frankivsk (73.95 percent) regions.
The lowest one was registered in the Donetsk (15.37 percent), Luhansk (38.94 percent) and Odesa (46.01 percent) regions.
Act Now: Lavrov Sees Real Chance to End Ukrainian Conflict Peacefully
The warring parties should adhere to the Minsk agreements to put an end to violence.
Russian Convoy Delivers Humanitarian Aid to Crisis-Hit Donbass The sides currently have a real chance for a peaceful resolution of the Ukrainian crisis on the basis of the Minsk agreements, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said Thursday.
Today there is a real chance of a peaceful settlement on the basis of the Minsk agreements," Lavrov said at a meeting of the World Coordination Council of Russian Compatriots .
He underscored the importance of complete and consistent implementation of the Minsk measures.
The key factor is to establish a direct, stable dialogue of the Ukrainian authorities with Donetsk and Lugansk.
High Time to Resolve Ukrainian Crisis - Kazakh President Lavrov added that the Ukrainian crisis as well as "the Western anti-Russia campaign including the illegitimate unilateral sanctions" has been a test of strength for Russian compatriots abroad.
The conflict in Donbass erupted in April 2014, when Kiev authorities launched a military operation against local independence supporters who rejected the legitimacy of the new power.
On February 12, the conflict parties in Minsk agreed on a set of measures aimed at ending the hostilities.
However, clashes continue.
Crimea referendum illegal, no OSCE monitoring - Swiss
 VIENNA (Reuters) - Crimea's planned March 16 referendum on joining Russia is illegal in its current form and the OSCE will not send a mission to observe it, the Swiss head of Europe's security and democracy watchdog said on Monday.
Russia's RIA news agency said on Monday that Ukraine's Crimea region had invited the Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) to send a mission to observe Sunday's plebiscite
It said the invitation had been issued to the Vienna-based security and human rights organisation by the region's pro-Russian parliament.
In its current form the referendum … is in contradiction with the Ukrainian constitution and must be considered illegal," Swiss Foreign Minister Didier Burkhalter, whose country is the current chair of the Vienna-based OSCE, said in a statement.
For any referendum regarding the degree of autonomy or sovereignty of the Crimea to be legitimate, it would need to be based on the Ukrainian constitution and would have to be in line with international law.
He also "ruled out the possibility of an OSCE observation of the planned referendum...as the basic criteria for a decision in a constitutional framework were not met," the statement added.
An OSCE spokeswoman said earlier that Crimea could not invite referendum observers as the region was not a full-fledged state and therefore not a member of the 57-member organisation.
For the past week, OSCE military observers have been unable to enter Crimea, which has come under control of Russian forces since the fall of pro-Russian Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovich to months of popular unrest.
Russia Sinks Ship to Block Ukrainian Navy Ships
The Russian Navy Ochakov Kara-class cruiser was sunk last night to block the Ukrainian Navy ships deployed in Novoozerne, the Ukrainian Ministry of Defence said in a press release today.
The information was confirmed by the Ukrainian military of the South Naval Base who were observing the operation.
The RF ships blocking the Ukrainian ships in Donuzlav lake in the Crimea left the zone at 23.30 p.m. (March 5).
Then, the Russian military towed their ship Ochakov to the navigating channel and filled her with water.
Then, there was an explosion.
The depth in this area is 9-11 m, it is possible now to observe the upper part of the ship.
Therefore, the ships cannot leave the Donuzlav lake.
It is needed a lot of time and costs to refloat this ship, according to the Ukrainian Ministry of Defense
Ochakov was stationed in the Russian Black Sea Fleet as of 2011, however it has not been operational since the early 2000.
In 1961 the Donuzlav Lake was connected to the Black Sea by inlet, in fact turning the lake into the bay of the Black Sea.
It is the largest lake of Donuzlav Tarhankut group of lakes and the deepest lake in the Crimea and in Europe.
Crimea to set clocks to Russia time
As the rest of Europe prepares to set their clocks one hour forward for summer tomorrow, residents of Crimea braced for a two hour jump into the timezone of their new masters in Moscow.
To seal Russia's takeover of the formerly Ukrainian peninsula, a symbolic ceremony will be held to move the clocks forward at the railway station in the main city of Simferopol.
The Black Sea peninsula's prime minister Sergei Aksyonov will oversee the switch at 10pm (midnight Moscow, 2000 GMT).
Europeans and ordinary Crimeans make the daylight savings time switch at 2am tomorrow.
Getting ready for time travel," said local newspaper Krymskaya Gazeta (Crimean Newspaper), warning locals the time switch could trigger health problems such as sleep disorder, apathy, depression and possible changes to the endocrine system.
But a spokeswoman for the regional legislature, Lyudmila Mokhova, said that the setting of the clocks forward was no hassle.
It is a little bit difficult," she said.
But people are in high spirits and they are very happy." Moscow in 2011 chose to stay on permanent Summer Time, which is four hours ahead of Greenwich Mean Time (GMT).
Earlier this month a majority of residents on the peninsula voted to break away from Ukraine and join Russia.
The move came after Moscow sent troops to Crimea, claiming it needed to protect Russian speakers following a pro-European uprising in Kiev last month.
The West and Ukraine have condemned Moscow's takeover of the peninsula but Russian strongman Vladimir Putin hailed it as historic justice.
He has said Soviet leader Nikita Khrushchev's decision to give Crimea to the republic of Soviet Ukraine in 1954 was a mistake.
Ukrainian opposition uses polls to bolster cause
The main reason Ukrainians massed in Kyiv’s Independence Square, was the violent police dispersal of a peaceful pro-EU demo and brutal beatings
The violence apparently stirred Ukrainians from stoic acceptance of their plight to stand up and fight.
“No, I’m not taking part, I’m from a doctors’ family.
I think medical workers and teachers should be out of politics.
But to tell the truth I’m proud of these people who’re staying here whole days and nights, when it’s cold outside, we should give them credit, that’s their state of mind,” said one woman.
“I’m against the rally.
We need to resolve the problem peacefully, but when they break the fences, beat each other, fight, I’m against these demos,” was an elderly woman’s opinion.
“I can’t go to Independence Square during the day, It’s not possible, my baby is too little, and I’m not so healthy.
We usually join the demo at Independence Square in the evening, when we have time,” said one man with a pushchair.
The violent police attack was unprecedented.
None had taken place during the Orange Revolution itself.
Instead of breaking the protesters’ will, it seems to have strengthened it.
“Seventy three percent of protesters said they’re going to stay there as long as needed until their demands are fulfilled.
Only nine percent answered they’re going to hold a protest only for 2-3 days, while three percent of the participants said they would stay at the square until New Year Eve,” says Ilchuk.
People power is also getting organised, with crowd numbers kept constant by rotation, and armies of volunteers organising supplies to fight the cold and hunger.
Ukraine Opposition Protests Europe U-Turn
Those who favored greater Ukrainian integration with Europe are voicing their displeasure with the country's decision to abandon a planned association agreement with the EU.
Opposition leader Arseniy Yatsenyuk has alleged that Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych "bargained" with Russia and received $20 billion to not proceed with his country's planned association agreement with the EU.
The leader of Ukraine's Fatherland party also said that half of the funds would be stolen by the president's inner circle and the other half would go toward funding Yanukovych's 2015 re-election campaign and falsifying election results, Interfax reported Friday.
The allegations follow Yatsenyuk's remarks at a Thursday night protest at Kiev's Independence Square that "the presidential election has already begun.
He also expressed hope that 100,000 people would come to a planned rally in support of European integration to be held on Sunday.
Protesters gathered in the center of Kiev on Thursday night, hours after the Ukrainian Cabinet said it was stopping preparations for a deal to be signed at a summit in Vilnius, Lithuania, next week and that government ministries should look for greater cooperation with Russia.
Various estimates placed the crowd at the Ukrainian capital's Independence Square between 1,000 and 2,000 people, Interfax reported.
Among the demonstrators was boxing champion and head of the opposition party UDAR (Punch) Vitaly Klitschko, who said "Together we can prove that Ukraine will be in Europe and will be a democratic state." 
Klitschko has said he plans to run for president in the 2015 election.
While a spokesman for President Vladimir Putin on Thursday lauded Ukraine's desire to develop a closer partnership to Russia, the country's potential foreign partners in the West said that the move would see Ukraine miss out on economic growth.
EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton said in a statement, "This is a disappointment not just for the EU but, we believe, for the people of Ukraine.
British Foreign Secretary William Hague called the decision "a missed opportunity.
A U.S. State Department representative echoed Ashton and said the U.S. was "disappointed," adding that Washington believes "there was ample time to resolve all remaining obstacles to signing the association agreement in Vilnius.
Death squads' in Ukraine says leader of one opposition party
The hospital where activist Dmytro Bulatov is recovering from his injuries has become the latest focus of the unrest in Kyiv.
At the capital’s airport the leader of one of the opposition parties – on his way to the security conference in Munich believes Bulatov’s alleged abduction is evidence of death squads.
“We will insist in Munich on starting an international investigation into all the facts of murders, abuse, torture, kidnapping of people and those incidents where journalists were targeted and shot at.
Recent events with Dmytro Bulatov are evidence of the facts there are now death squads in Ukraine, like in Latin America,” said Arsenyi Yatsenyuk, leader of the Fatherland Party.
The arrest warrants for Bulatov and two other activists came on the day the amnesty for detained protesters and the repeal of the anti-protest legislation was signed into law.
Joint statement of the Ministers of Foreign Affairs of the Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland and Slovakia
The Foreign Ministers of the Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland and Slovakia were shocked by the news that clashes between protesters and riot police resulted in casualties in Kyiv.
We strongly condemn the killing of demonstrators which cannot be justified by any reason.
Ukraine has been witnessing a permanent and deepening internal political crisis for the past two months.
As neighbours of Ukraine, V4 countries voice their strong concern with the fast escalation of the conflict and express their deepest condolences to the relatives of the victims.
Violence never contributed to resolving political crises and it can only aggravate the already complicated and dangerous situation.
Therefore, the Foreign Ministers of the Visegrad Group resolutely call on all parties to stop the escalation of the crisis and refrain from further violence as well as to enter into meaningful and credible dialogue.
This is the only way to find a solution acceptable for the whole Ukrainian nation.
The Foreign Ministers of the Visegrad Group underline that the fundamental rights of Ukrainian citizens – including freedom of assembly, freedom of expression and media – must be fully respected and protected.
Nuland: At least 400-500 Russian soldiers killed in Ukraine
Nuland said Moscow continues to deny its military presence in the Donbas.
The hearing, entitled "U.S. policy in Ukraine: Russian opposition and stimulating reforms," was held in the Foreign Affairs Committee of the upper house of the U.S. Congress.
Evidence is mounting of heavy Russian involvement in eastern Ukraine since the beginning of the armed stage of the unrest there in April.
Igor Girkin, the Russian former “defense minister” of the Donetsk People’s Republic militant organization, claimed in an interview in November that he and his team of Russian special operations soldiers “pulled the trigger of war” in the Donbas by carrying out the occupation of Ukrainian security offices in Donetsk region.
Several videos exist of what may be Girkin’s team actually carrying out the military-style seizures of police and security service headquarters, with armed men in unmarked uniforms storming buildings, which were then occupied by local militants.
Then in late August Ukraine’s military advances against the militants in the east were brought to a sharp halt after what Kyiv and NATO say was a large incursion by regular Russian military units.
Shortly after, Ukraine and the militants agreed on a ceasefire, although this was never respected by the militants, who advanced to take back ground they had lost earlier and even expanded the area they controlled.
Ukrainian soldiers also say that it was largely regular Russian troops who attacked and captured the key strategic town of Debaltseve in Donetsk region, again in breach of the latest February 15 ceasefire – a claim corroborated by interviews published in the Russian media with Russian soldiers who said they participated in the battle.
Although Russia denies sending its troops into Ukraine, the Kremlin made similar denials when it used its troops to take over the Ukrainian territory of Crimea last March.
Russian President Vladimir Putin later admitted that Russian troops had been involved, and awarded some of them medals for taking part in the takeover operation.
Putin has since also admitted that planning for the Russian takeover of Crimea started even before former Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych had left Ukraine.
 Meanwhile, representative of the U.S. Treasury Department Ramin Toloui said that in the last few months alone the international community had decided to increase support to Ukraine and to allocate an additional $10 billion to support its economy in light of ongoing Russian aggression.
In the second half of this year, the United States will provide the Ukrainian government an additional loan of $1 billion," Toloui said.
Moscow is not rushing to demand from Ukraine the return of the loan of $3 billion provided to Kyiv in the last weeks of the regime of former Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych, who fled to Russia," Toloui said.
Negotiations on the format of the return of these funds are being conducted with the IMF," he said.
Ukraine announced sanctions against Russian airlines
State Aviation Service has sent official messages to Russian airlines on ban of the flights from October 25
The notifications concerning sanctions imposed against Russian airlines have already been sent, as state the media center of Ukrainian State Aviation Service.
Russian services, and Ministry of Transport in particular, give no comments on the situation.
September 25, Ukrainian Cabinet of Ministers has banned flights of Russian airlines in Ukraine, in particular, "Aeroflot" and "Transaero".
In this regard, Russian airlines will not be able to make flights to Ukraine from October 25.
Recalling, Kremlin called this decision a madness.
Russian Minister of Transport Maxim Sokolov said that Moscow would retaliate if Ukraine closes airspace to Russian companies.
Subsequently, he added that Ukrainian airlines falled into the Russian sanctions list, as soon as Russia received an official explanation of the position of Kyiv.
September 22, a decree of President Poroshenko on the imposing of sanctions against the Russian Federation entered into force.
These restrictive measures embrace more than 400 individuals and 90 entities of Russia and other countries involved in the annexation of Crimea and aggression in Donbas.
Ukrainian army using attack aviation, tanks to seize Yampol village
Donetsk People's Republic spokesperson did not rule out that some militiamen could have been killed or wounded
The Ukrainian army is using attack aviation and tanks to seize the village of Yampol in eastern Ukraine’s Donetsk Region, a spokesman for the self-proclaimed Donetsk People’s Republic (DPR) told ITAR-TASS on Thursday.
HOW RELATIONS BETWEEN UKRAINE AND RUSSIA SHOULD LOOK LIKE? PUBLIC OPINION POLL RESULTS
Public opinion poll was conducted by the Ilko  Kucheriv Democratic Initiatives Foundation together with Kyiv International Institute of Sociology  in the period between February, 8-18 2014.
2032 respondents were interviewed  in all the districts  of Ukraine (including  Kyiv) and in Crimea according to the random sample, which was representative for  all the population of Ukraine older than 18 years.
 Statistical error doesn’t  exceed  2,2% (without design -effect).
Question included by  the Ilko Kucheriv Democratic Initiatives Foundation were financed  in the framework of the project “Public sociological consortium” by the European union, MATRA programme  of the Kingdom of Netherlands, International Renaissance Foundation, and also  in the framework of the project  “Stimulating dialog on transition processes” by the National Endowment for Democracy (USA).
Data from public opinion poll, conducted by Russian research organization Levada Centre  is provided for comparison.
Levada Centre  conducted  representative for Russia public opinion poll  on February,  21-25 2014 and interviewed  1603 respondents older than 18 years in 130 settlements in 45 districts of the country.
Statistical error doesn’t exceed 3,4%.
Ukrainians don’t want visas and borders with Russia, but at the same time don’t want  to be united with Russia  in a single state   In Ukraine, as well as in Russia  majority of respondents  wants both countries to be independent, but friendly  - with open borders, without visas and customs houses (in Ukraine – 68%, in Russia – 59%).
In Ukraine  with numbers  have decreased  since November, 2013 by 5%, in Russia – increased  by 4%.
Integration with  Russia into a single state   is supported by 12% of respondents in Ukraine, and  during recent years  this number has decreased from 20% to 9%,  but after Maidan – increased by 3%.
 The main part of  supporters of this idea of unification with Russia is in the East (26%) and South (19%), while the smallest part is in the Center (5%) and West (1%) of Ukraine.
 By regions  majority of integration with Russia in one state  is in Crimea  (41%), Donetsk district (33%), Lugansk district (24%), Odessa district (24%), Zaporizhzhya (17%) and Kharkiv  (15%) districts, but even there  support  to the current status of relations  with Russia   - as two independent and  friendly  states – prevails.
 Among Russians  desire to have Ukraine and Russia as two independent and friendly states (with open borders, without visas and customs houses) prevails as well as among Ukrainians (68% and 63% respectively).
Integration into one state is supported  by 9% of Ukrainians and 32% of Russians.
There is direct dependence  between  desire to unite with Russia into  a single state and age of respondents:  among youth   up to 30 years old  5% want this unification to be realized, among people of 30-54 years old – 11% support that, and  among people older than 55 years – 17%.
 It is obvious, that among supporters of joining the Custom Union, there is more people supporting unification  with Russia  (26,5%), than among  those, oriented on joining the EU (1%).
However,  even among supporters of entering the Custom Union  majority   wants  to preserve the status-quo in relations with Russia (69%).
Among  people, having negative attitude towards Maidan,  only 21% wants to unite with Russia into a single state.
Among supporters of political parties  the highest percentage  of people, who wants join Ukraine to join Russia, is among  communists’ electorate  (35,5%), but even in this case majority  consider that Ukraine and Russia should be friendly independent states (63%).
Among  Party of Regions  voters 28% support unification with Russia.
In Russia  16% of population support  unification with Ukraine into one state.
Someone Sent a Mysterious Mass Text to Protesters in Kiev
The Ukraine government reportedly sent protesters in Kiev a creepy text message.
This is how they could have done it.
As mass riots continued on the streets of Kiev, protesters, as well as other people in the area, received a mysterious text message on Monday evening.
Dear subscriber, you are registered as a participant in a mass disturbance," the message read, as first reported by The New York Times .
The text came from a number only identified as 111, but the Times suggests Ukrainian authorities were behind it.
The country's Interior Ministry, however, denied sending the messages, as later reported by The Guardian .
But regardless of who was responsible for the SMS messages, how did they do it?
How did they pinpoint only certain cellphones in a specific area?
It turns out, something like this wouldn't be that hard to carry out.
It is very easy to send messages out to everybody who was in one particular area, at one particular time," said Eva Galperin, an activist at the Electronic Frontier Foundation and an expert in surveillance technology.
There are a few different ways the Ukrainian government could have done it, according to Ashkan Soltani, an independent privacy researcher.
The easiest would have been for the government to ask Ukrainian cellphone providers to give them a list of numbers that were connected to a certain cellphone tower, or a few towers, in a certain interval of time.
This is what is commonly referred to as " tower dumps .
This would imply the collaboration of the cellphone companies, but all the major Ukrainian providers on Tuesday denied they had anything to do with this incident.
We declare our innocence," wrote MTS on its Facebook page according to a translation of the statement.
It was carried out by using equipment that does not belong to MTS.
Another provider, Kyivstar, penned a similar denial.
Attackers are using illegal equipment for such mailings.
We know of the existence of equipment (the so-called 'pirate base stations') that allows you to send SMS and make calls to mobile phones subscribers to any operators that are in a certain area," the company wrote on Facebook.
Here's the catch: The equipment to which they refer actually exists, and with it authorities wouldn't need the providers' help to identify whoever was in downtown Kiev near the protests and send them the text messages.
The easiest way would be to use a so-called "IMSI catcher," which is a portable device built to act as a cell tower and trick nearby cellphones into connecting to it, Soltani explained to Mashable .
They're essentially fake base stations," Soltani told Mashable .
Once a cellphone is connected to one of these International Mobile Subscriber Number (IMSI) catchers, the device captures a deluge of information, including identifying details such as the IMSI and the Electronic Serial Number (ESM).
Once the IMSI catcher is connected to a series of cellphones, it can broadcast text messages like the one the protesters received.
Devices like these are normally employed by police departments to track suspected criminals, but their use has stirred controversy because they don't discriminate.
Any cellphone in their range gets caught in their surveillance net, and these devices are also designed to intercept phone calls and messages.
There are a lot of commercial IMSI catchers , costing anywhere from $20,000 to around $140,000, depending on their features and range.
They are sometimes referred to as "Stingrays," from the most widely known of this devices, made by Harris Corporation .
But hackers have been able to build similar machines with just $1,500.
According to Costin Raiu, a security researcher at Kaspersky Lab, this is the most likely theory, assuming the cellphone providers did not cooperate.
While it's still unclear who sent these messages in Kiev, it's clear why they did it.
You can scare people into thinking that they have been targeted much more narrowly by writing a message that implies essentially 'we caught you personally rioting,'" said Galperin.
The protesters, however, were not scared away, as clashes continued after the message was broadcast.
Ukraine Passes Law On Russia Sanctions, Gas Pipelines
Ukraine's parliament has passed legislation that would allow the government to impose sanctions on Russia.
The bill was approved in a final reading on August 14.
It provides for sanctions against 172 individuals and 65 entities in Russia and other countries for supporting and financing "terrorism" in Ukraine, though actual sanctions would need approval from Ukraine's National Security and Defense Council.
A total of 244 lawmakers in the Verkhovna Rada supported the sanctions.
Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk told parliament after the August 14 vote that Ukraine had taken a historic step.
By approving the law on sanctions, we showed that the country is able to protect itself," he said.
The law should give a clear answer to any aggressor or terrorist who threatens our national security, our government, and our citizens.
The names of those Russian individuals and companies targeted by the sanctions will not be published until President Petro Poroshenko has signed the law into force.
Naftohaz, Ukraine's state-run energy firm, said in a statement on August 13 that future sanctions against Russia would not necessarily target Russia's gas giant Gazprom, however.
The adoption of the sanctions law will not lead automatically to sanctions against any entity, including Gazprom.
The law simply establishes the legal right to implement them," the statement said.
A version of the bill passed on first reading on August 12 had included provisions allowing the censoring of media deemed a national security threat.
Those provisions were removed from the final version of the bill, however.
Rights groups had said the law would give the council "draconian" powers to restrict media and could return a nation once celebrated for media freedoms to Soviet-era levels of censorship.
In a statement, the representative on media freedom for the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE), Dunja Mijatovic, welcomed the move to drop the media provisions as a "step in the right direction.
The provisions could potentially endanger free media and pluralism in Ukraine," she said, "and by dropping them the legislators have taken a decision to protect and ensure free media and freedom of expression, rather than restricting free speech.
Also on August 14, Ukraine's parliament approved a bill to allow gas-transit facilities to be leased on a joint-venture basis with participation from EU and U.S. firms.
The measure says Ukraine will hold 51 percent and foreign partners will be offered 49 percent in the venture.
It covers both transit pipelines and underground gas-storage facilities.
The law passed by 228 votes -- two more than the minimum necessary.
Ukraine is making efforts to become less dependent on Russian gas after suffering three cutoffs of natural-gas supplies from Russia in less than nine years.
At the same time, Kyiv wants to provide more reliable transit for Russian gas to the EU market.
Kyiv says the measure will bring in investment and remove the need for the South Stream pipeline, which Russia is building to take gas to southeastern Europe across the Black Sea, bypassing Ukraine.
OSCE team says Crimea gunmen threatened to shoot at them
Moscow which denies its troops have a role in the takeover of Crimea says people there - a small majority of whom are ethnic Russians - should have the right
Gunmen manning a roadblock in Crimea last week threatened to open fire at an unarmed OSCE observer team if it tried to enter the southern Ukrainian region, now controlled by pro- Russia n forces, a report on the failed mission said.
The mission report, obtained by Reuters, gave new detail on how more than 40 military observers from about two dozen member states of the Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OCSE) were prevented from getting to Crimea.
Despite repeated attempts to enter the Crimean peninsula… (the monitors were) consistently refused access at gunpoint and therefore were not able to dispel concerns over the reported unusual Russian Federation military activity," it said.
However, their observations still "produced significant evidence of equipment consistent with the presence of Russian Federation military personnel in the vicinity of the various roadblocks encountered" during the March 5-8 period.
Citing the report, the United States said in a separate statement that the Russian military appeared to have been involved with the armed groups who set up road blocks and blocked the OSCE observers from crossing into Crimea last week.
Pro-Russian forces have taken over military installations across Crimea, home to the Russian Black Sea Fleet.
When the OSCE team tried to get into Crimea on Saturday, warning shots were fired and it was turned back.
It was the last - and the most dramatic - of several failed attempts by the observers to enter Crimea to try to find out more of what was happening there.
The report provided a blow-by-blow account of the March 8 incident as the team attempted to reach the Crimean port town of Sebastopol but were stopped at a roadblock with "a mixture of uniformed and unidentified armed personnel".
Numerous roadblock personnel were observed with safety catches off," it said.
Less than five minutes after arrival, as the team moved forward to the roadblock, a three-round burst of automatic fire was discharged within the roadblock area.
U.S. SEES "DIRECT INVOLVEMENT" BY RUSSIA
The OSCE monitors were told there were no orders from higher authorities to allow passage amid "alleged concerns over the influence of external actors" on the March 16 referendum in Crimea on whether to join Russia, the report said.
While in the vicinity of the roadbloack, SALW (Small Arms and Light Weapons) were "held in the aim towards" the OSCE team.
The team were forcefully advised by the roadblock personnel that further approaches would be met with direct fire," it said.
A UAZ 469 vehicle with license plate numbers associated with the Black Sea Fleet were seen at the site, the report said.
At an earlier attempt to enter Crimea, more than 50 soldiers wearing "RU pattern uniforms and combat equipment without identifying patches" were observed.
The U.S. ambassador to the OSCE, Daniel Baer, said in the U.S. statement: "This report adds to our deep concerns and clearly suggests direct involvement by the Russian federation and its agents in preventing impartial, unarmed observers from doing the work they are supposed to do.
Moscow, which denies its troops have a role in the takeover of Crimea, says people there - a small majority of whom are ethnic Russians - should have the right to secede.
A referendum on joining Russia is to be held on Sunday.
PUTIN TALKS
Russian President Vladimir Putin on Wednesday discussed the crisis in Ukraine with Swiss Foreign Minister Didier Burkhalter , whose country chairs the Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE), the Kremlin said.
Putin and Burkhalter "discussed the capabilities of the OSCE in the context of fostering a resolution of the crisis", the Kremlin statement said.
It gave no details and said nothing about any agreement.
An OSCE statement later said the men had "talked about possible ways to overcome the current crisis" and focused on "potential modalities" for the creation of an international contact group on Ukraine .
Burkhalter also "stressed the importance of an early consensus" on the deployment of an OSCE monitoring mission to Ukraine , to contribute to an improved security situation, including for minorities, the OSCE statement said.
Talk of a mediation role for the OSCE has come to little.
Burkhalter said on Tuesday the group would not send a mission to monitor a referendum in Crimea on Sunday over whether the Ukrainian region should join Russia , warning the plebiscite would be illegal.
Brexit vote will delay decision on EU-Ukraine deal, says Rutte
EU leaders will only want to discuss the Netherlands' rejection of the EU-Ukraine treaty after the UK in-out referendum, says Dutch PM Rutte.
61 percent of Dutch voters that showed up at the referendum rejected the EU-Ukraine treaty (Photo: Peter Teffer)
Rutte's centre-right Liberals and centre-left Labour have a slim majority in the parliament's Lower House, where the entire opposition has demanded the ratification law be withdrawn following the referendum in which 61 percent of voters rejected the treaty.
“The people have spoken.
The people were clear.
The people said No,” said anti-EU opposition MP Geert Wilders during a Lower House debate Wednesday evening.
But PM Rutte asked the parliament for a chance to first try to find a solution by having discussions with the 27 other EU member states, who did ratify the treaty and with Ukraine.
He said withdrawing the ratification law would undermine those talks.
“We would lose our entry ticket to those talks, that is the paradox we are dealing with,” said Rutte, adding that in that case “no-one” would want to talk to the Dutch government.
He added that a conclusion to those talks would not be reached before 23 June, when the UK will have its referendum on whether to remain or leave the bloc.
“Our political estimation, based on the first signals we received from our European partners, is that they want that [the UK referendum] out of the way first,” said Rutte.
“That doesn't mean that nothing can happen behind closed doors,” he said, but adding that only a public debate in Brussels about the Dutch referendum could lead to political conclusions.
Rutte said he was aiming at such a resolution “before the summer”.
No means No
His government was criticised by the entire opposition for not immediately pulling the plug on ratification, including by political parties who had campaigned in favour of the agreement.
“Real people went to real polling stations to really say No,” said MP Sybrand Buma, of the centre-right Christian Democrats.
“I find it dramatic, but we can't say in hindsight: 'it's disappointing, we are going to do what we want.'”
His left-wing Green colleague Rik Grashoff added: “I don't envy the prime minister, but he is going to have to negotiate in Brussels with the position that the Netherlands has withdrawn its support for the treaty.”
Eurosceptic opposition MP Marianne Thieme said Rutte is trying to fool No voters that some renegotiation of the treaty is what they wanted.
“The citizen should be taken seriously.
In this debate, the prime minister is feeding the public distrust in politics,” she said.
In a way, the Dutch political establishment created the mess for itself.
Before the referendum, all main parties said they would follow the advice no matter what the result.
So although the vote was formally non-binding, the politicians framed it in such a way that the result could not be ignored.
Putin warns Ukraine over Europe ambitions
Russian President Vladimir Putin warned Ukraine on Thursday he would retaliate with protectionist measures if it signed a landmark trade deal with the European Union and suggested Kiev enter instead into Russian-led customs union.
VALDAI, Russia (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin warned Ukraine on Thursday he would retaliate with protectionist measures if it signed a landmark trade deal with the European Union and suggested Kiev enter instead into Russian-led customs union.
Russian President Vladimir Putin speaks during a meeting with 'Valdai' International Discussion Club members in the town of Valdai September 19, 2013.
A day after Ukraine gave the go-ahead to sign agreements with the EU at a November summit in Lithuania, Putin made clear Moscow would hit back if its market were flooded by competitive goods from the EU because of Kiev removing import duties.
“We would somehow have to stand by our market, introduce protectionist measures.
We are saying this openly in advance,” Putin told a gathering of Russia experts and journalists.
He gave no details but said: “We will need to consider how many goods access our market and what protective measures we will have to take.”
Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev also criticized the former Soviet republic’s “crafty” decision to chart a course away from its traditional close economic relationship with Russia, which is still Kiev’s biggest single trading partner.
Ukrainian Prime Minister Mykola Azarov said on Wednesday that the planned agreements with the EU raised the prospect of “a European quality of life” for his former Soviet republic, squeezed between Russia and the EU.
But Azarov said nothing about the imprisonment of his predecessor, Yulia Tymoshenko, whose release European envoys have been trying to secure in the run-up to the meeting in the Lithuanian capital of Vilnius.
The 28-member EU has condemned her trial for abuse-of-office and seven-year jail sentence as politically motivated, and her continued confinement threatens prospects of signing agreements that include the one on free trade.
Russia’s pressure has injected new tension into Moscow’s relationship with Ukraine, which has pleaded unsuccessfully for cheaper Russian gas to help its hard-pressed economy.
Azarov on Wednesday spelled out the trade advantages for Ukraine, whose economy is dominated by exports such as steel, chemicals and agricultural produce.
He promised there would be softer duties on Ukrainian exports almost immediately.
But Putin said Ukraine had more to gain from joining the Customs Union grouping Russia, Kazakhstan and Belarus, saying they could join forces to press the EU for better trade conditions.
“What is the advantage of Ukraine signing the EU association agreement and opening up its markets? 
Yes, this will make its economy more liberal.
But will the Ukrainian economy itself be able to cope with this liberalism? I don’t know,” he said.
The pressure from Moscow forms part of a broader drive by Russia to deter former Soviet allies from edging out of its orbit and moving their economy and future trade towards the EU.
But Ukraine, a vast country with a population of 45 million and psychologically tied most closely to Russia by history and shared culture, is the sorest point of contention.
At least 7 dead in southeastern Ukraine port city
Fierce fighting between Ukrainian government forces and pro-Russia protesters Friday in Mariupol killed seven people, turned police headquarters into a smoldering ruin and left the city center blocked off after residents built barricades of tires.
People greet pro-Russian activists atop of a government forces armored personal carrier captured from the enemy in fighting in Mariupol, eastern Ukraine, Friday, May 9, 2014.
Fighting exploded Friday in Mariupol, a city of 500,000 on the Sea of Azov that is on the main road between Russia proper and Crimea.
The fighting between government forces and insurgents in Mariupol has left several people dead.
MARIUPOL, Ukraine— Fierce fighting between Ukrainian government forces and pro-Russia protesters Friday in Mariupol killed seven people, turned police headquarters into a smoldering ruin and left the city center blocked off after residents built barricades of tires.
The violence in this strategic port city on the Azov Sea — along the main road between the Russian border and the Crimean Peninsula — was a clear sign of increasing unrest in eastern Ukraine.
The Donetsk region, which includes Mariupol, and the neighboring Luhansk region are to hold a hastily organized referendum Sunday on declaring sovereignty, a move likely to deepen the crisis between supporters of Ukraine’s fledgling government and pro-Russia insurgents who claim the authorities in Kiev are a fascist junta.
There were varying accounts of Friday’s violence in Mariupol, a city of a half-million people that also was hit by unrest last month.
Ukrainian Interior Minister Arsen Avakov said about 60 gunmen attacked the police station and were repulsed in an operation that killed one policeman and about 20 people that he called “terrorists.”
The Donetsk regional government said that as of 8 p.m., seven people were killed and 39 others were wounded in the violence that came on the day that commemorates the 69th anniversary of the defeat of Nazi Germany.
The conflicting death tolls could not be reconciled.
An Associated Press reporter saw three bodies on the street — one of them covered by a blanket with a policeman’s hat placed at the head.
As the police station burned, residents gave accounts of the day’s events that contradicted the official line.
Some said government troops fired on unarmed protesters and attacked police who were protecting demonstrators occupying the nearby administration headquarters.
Amateur video on the Internet showed soldiers firing warning shots and later wounding men who angrily confronted them.
At least one man in civilian clothes could be seen shooting in the direction of the soldiers, who backed away on foot.
Larissa Gremacheva, a retiree, said soldiers fired on unarmed men.
“They began to shoot, and with my own eyes I saw how one man was wounded in his leg and another in his arm,” she said.
Government troops appeared to have lost an armored personnel carrier to attacking mobs.
In the evening, several youths — apparently drunk — were seen in the city center climbing onto the vehicle and trying but failing to start its engine.
By nightfall, all government forces had abandoned the city center, which was blocked off with barricades of tires.
U.S. State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki condemned the violence, which she said was “caused by pro-Russia separatists.”
“We continue to call for groups who have jeopardized public order by taking up arms and seizing public buildings in violation of Ukrainian law to disarm and leave the buildings they have seized,” she said.
Last month, Mariupol’s city hall had been occupied for more than a week by pro-Russian protesters who were armed and masked.
On April 16-17, three people were killed and 12 injured after about 300 protesters armed with stun grenades and firebombs tried to seize a National Guard base.
What does the West want from Ukraine?
Experts say there's motivation beyond altruism for the US and EU trying to forge closer ties with the country in crisis
As the crisis in Ukraine  drags on into its fourth month, the geopolitics of the situation have grown increasingly complex, with more diplomats, leaders and interested parties opining on each and every development in the country.
President Barack Obama and leaders from the European Union, for example, have spoken at length on what they want for Ukraine — that it determine its own destiny, and not just any destiny, but one that is different from its past of playing economic lapdog to Russia.
Going beyond the platitudes of supporting Ukraine's autonomy, however, what has gone without much discussion is why the cash-strapped European Union and the U.S. were motivated to step into the fray — to potentially spend billions of dollars on a country that without the support of Russia might face economic collapse.
With tension from military posturing in Crimea increasing, and the potential for bloodshed potent, foreign policy watchers say it’s important to suss out soon why exactly the EU and U.S. — which have been focused inwardly on domestic issues since the global financial crisis — now seem so intent on helping determine the direction of Ukraine.
Besides pure altruism, they say the countries have a lot to lose if Ukraine falls further into crisis, and perhaps just as much to gain if it doesn’t.
“This is a big country in the center of Europe that can affect the stability of all of Europe,” said William Taylor, vice president at the  U.S. Institute for Peace.
“A civil war there would affect energy supplies, trade, everything.”
Taylor and others believe all of the West, especially the EU, have a vested economic interested in making sure Ukraine stays stable.
For one, the EU exports over $20 billion in goods — primarily machinery, vehicles and industrial chemicals — to  Ukraine annually .
Ukraine is also one of the world’s largest growers of corn and wheat, and exports it to EU countries and elsewhere.
Analysts believe that with heavy investment, Ukraine’s agricultural sector could grow exponentially. 
Beyond maintaining the current flow of trade, if Ukraine shuns Russia, experts believe EU countries will be able to benefit from increased trade with Ukraine.
That’s why EU officials are attempting to sign a  free-trade agreement with Ukraine  even as the crisis escalates.
And some say the country may even be able to eventually join the European Union.
But more important than crops and cars — for Ukraine, the EU and U.S. — is gas.
Experts say the EU and U.S. could profit economically if Ukraine begins to rely less on Gazprom, Russia’s quasi-governmental oil and gas giant. 
They point out that the protests in Ukraine started partially because of Ukraine’s  near-complete reliance on Russian gas.
And Ukraine has been trying to break away from that dependence for years.
In November, it signed a $10 billion deal with Chevron to produce natural gas within Ukraine, but it could also look elsewhere for its supplies.
As the EU and U.S. discover new ways to extract oil and gas on their own soil — namely through hydraulic fracturing — and build liquefied natural-gas terminals to send it around the world, Ukraine could become a viable market.
“The whole natural gas market is changing dramatically,” USIP’s Taylor said.
“Over the next five years, there’s going to be dramatic changes in the flows of gas, and the leverage Russians have over the EU and Ukraine is going to decline.”  
Because Europe also relies heavily on Gazprom, disrupting Ukraine’s relations with Russia is a risky prospect.
Some believe it’s no coincidence that the countries that rely most on Russia for gas, especially Germany,  have been more reluctant  than the U.S. to suggest sanctions against Russia.
The EU may be seeking a middle ground — making sure the gas can keep flowing while Ukraine also builds closer ties with European countries.
At least for the U.S., isolating Gazprom might not be as controversial of an option.
In the midst of a hydraulic fracturing-created gas boom, the U.S. has been looking to increase gas exports dramatically over the next few years.
So the possibility that Ukraine, and therefore the EU, might break away from Russia’s gas supply might be considered both a geopolitical win and cash bonanza by U.S. politicians.
“The United States has abundant supplies of natural gas — an energy source that is in demand by many of our allies — and the U.S. Department of Energy’s excruciatingly slow approval process amounts to a de facto ban on American natural gas exports that Vladimir Putin has happily exploited to finance his geopolitical goals,” House Speaker John Boehner said Tuesday.
“We should not force our allies to remain dependent on Putin for their energy needs.
Ending this de facto ban and expediting approval of natural gas exports is one clear step the U.S. can take to stand by our allies and stand up to Russian aggression, while creating American jobs at the same time.”
Some analysts say breaking EU and Ukrainian reliance on Russia’s gas might not only be about the economy, but about something the U.S. has  wanted to do ever since the Cold War : prove it, and not Russia, is the world’s preeminent superpower.
“The U.S. has never gotten over the Cold War, and (U.S.) leaders view Russia as a potential adversary,” said Michael Klare, a professor of peace and world security studies at Hampshire College.
“ (Russia is) a petro-state.
Take that away and Putin’s power disappears.”
Visiting Russia, Fidel Castro's Son Scoffs at U.S. Sanctions Over Crimea
VORONEZH — The son of Cuban revolutionary Fidel Castro declared that the island nation recognizes Crimea as a part of Russia and urged the Kremlin to follow Havana's example and stand firm in the face of international sanctions.
Fidel Castro Diaz-Balart, scientific adviser of the State Council of the Republic of Cuba and vice president of the Academy of Sciences of Cuba, made the remarks while accepting an honorary doctorate from his former university in Voronezh over the weekend.
While Russia is under enormous international pressure for annexing Crimea from Ukraine last month, Castro Diaz-Balart reaffirmed that Cuba officially recognized the referendum results in Crimea that paved the way for President Vladimir Putin to sign the annexation agreement.
He also noted that Cuba joined 10 other countries in refusing to condemn the annexation during a vote of the United Nations General Assembly on Thursday.
One hundred countries approved the resolution, while 58 countries abstained.
During the UN vote, Cuba proved that it remains a friend of Russia and of other countries of the former Soviet Union forever," Castro Diaz-Balart said in the speech Saturday at Voronezh State University.
He insisted that Cuba was also a friend of Ukraine.
The people of Ukraine, as I understand it, do not have any claims against the Russians," he said, following the Kremlin line.
It is those in power who are acting in their own self-interest.
Fidel Castro Díaz-Balart attending a ceremony where he received an honorary doctorate at Voronezh State University on Saturday.
Castro Diaz-Balart scoffed at the steps that the U.S. and European Union have taken to isolate Russia, including the suspension of its membership in the Group of Eight and the placement of travel bans and asset freezes on people close to Putin.
Cuba has extensive experience of living in isolation from the U.S.," Castro Diaz-Balart said.
The Voronezh visit was something of a homecoming for Castro Diaz-Balart, the eldest son of Castro from his first wife.
He enrolled at the university as a physical education student in 1968 and changed his major to nuclear physics two years later, acting under the influence of the university's nuclear physicists.
He went on to graduate with honors from Moscow State University.
Castro Diaz-Balart then worked at the Joint Institute of Nuclear Research in Dubna before earning his first doctorate in 1978.
In 1999, he received a second doctorate, this time from the Kurchatov Institute of Nuclear Energy, and he also holds honorary doctorates from Moscow State University and Rostov State University.
On Saturday, the Voronezh university gave Diaz-Balart his third honorary doctorate from Russia and an award titled "For Merit to Voronezh State University" at a ceremony attended by Voronezh Governor Alexei Gordeyev.
After referring to Crimea and the uprising in Ukraine, Diaz-Balart finished his speech with a quote from his father: "When all great revolutions come to an end, there will only be one left — the great revolution of science and knowledge.
And it will never finish.
Ukraine crisis: Seventeen killed in clashes with pro-Russian separatists near Donetsk
Seventeen Ukrainian soldiers were killed in clashes with pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine, three days before a presidential election in the former Soviet republic.
At least 17 Ukrainian soldiers were killed in clashes with pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine, just three days before a presidential election in the former Soviet republic.
Ukraine's health ministry said 16 troops died in a firefight in the town of Volnovakha in the Donetsk region, in addition to one soldier killed in another attack in the neighbouring region of Luhansk.
Video posted on YouTube showed men in Ukrainian uniforms taking cover in a field said to be in Volnovakha, as vehicles burned nearby, explosions were heard in the distance, and attack helicopters flew low overhead.
The attack happened about 20 kilometres south of the industrial hub of Donetsk, which is now in the hands of separatists who say they will disrupt the election.
In Luhansk Ukrainian border guards said they had fought off an attempt by dozens of separatists, armed with grenade launchers and rifles, to enter the region from Russia.
The clashes came as Russia moved 15 transport planes and 20 trains carrying personnel and military equipment out of three provinces that border Ukraine, according to the defence ministry.
The moving of units is continuing," Russia's Interfax news agency quoted a defence ministry statement as saying, adding that the troops were returning to their permanent bases after conducting military exercises in the border provinces.
NATO chief Anders Fogh Rasmussen said the Russian troop movements "may suggest" preparations for a withdrawal.
Ukrainian security forces and the pro-Moscow separatists have clashed repeatedly in recent weeks in eastern Ukraine, where the breakdown of security has rattled the pro-Western interim government in Kiev.
Kiev has acknowledged that Sunday's election cannot be held in parts of the Donetsk and Luhansk regions and has accused Moscow of deliberately seeking to undermine Ukrainian democracy, a charge echoed by the United States and European Union.
Russia denies the legitimacy of the current Kiev government, which took over after mass street protests toppled Moscow-backed president Viktor Yanukovych in February.
He fled to Russia and in March Russia annexed Ukraine's Black Sea peninsula of Crimea.
President Vladimir Putin asserts that Moscow has the right to intervene on behalf of Russian speakers outside Russia's borders and has expressed sympathy for people in eastern Ukraine who he says face discrimination and harassment by the Kiev government.
Meanwhile a diplomatic row unfolded between Russia and the UK after Prince Charles apparently compared Mr Putin's actions to those of Nazi dictator Adolf Hitler.
During a trip to Canada, the 65-year-old prince told a Jewish woman who fled from Poland during World War II that in Ukraine "Putin is doing just about the same as Hitler", according to the Daily Mail newspaper.
Charles's remarks, described by a royal source as "well-intentioned" and not meant to be made public, caused a stir in Britain because the royal family is not expected to voice political views in public.
If these words were truly spoken, then, without doubt, they do not reflect well on the future British monarch," a spokesman for the Russian foreign ministry told a news conference.
We view the use of the Western press by members of the British royal family to spread the propaganda campaign against Russia on a pressing issue - that is, the situation in Ukraine - as unacceptable, outrageous and low.
Russian flags flood Crimean capital as thousands back takeover by Russia
SIMFEROPOL, Ukraine (AFP) - Russian flags flooded Lenin Square in the centre of Crimea's capital Simferopol on Sunday as thousands rallied in support of Moscow's takeover of the peninsula - vastly overwhelming a smaller pro-Ukraine demonstration nearby.
The rival rallies in Simferopol were peaceful, in contrast to the Crimean port city of Sevastopol, where about 100 pro-Russians with clubs and whips attacked some 20 people who were guarding a pro-Ukraine rally.
Some 10,000 people joined the pro-Russia rally in Simferopol, chanting "Russia! Russia!" as a navy band played patriotic Russian songs and dancers twirled on stage.
We will overcome all adversity, all obstacles and we will restore historic justice," the newly installed pro-Russian Prime Minister of Crimea, Mr Sergei Aksyonov, told the crowd.
Together with Russia we will build our future!" he cried, prompting shouts of "Hurrah! Hurrah!" from the crowd.
Standing amidst signs reading "Crimea is not in Ukraine" and "With Russia, Peace in Crimea," 60-year-old Ms Olga said restoring Crimea to Russian rule would undo a historical injustice.
We don't want to be with those Ukrainian fascists any more," said Ms Olga, who declined to give her surname.
A few kilometres away, a much smaller crowd of about 1,000 gathered for a more sombre demonstration in support of Crimea remaining within Ukraine.
Standing under a bronze bust of Mr Taras Shevchenko - the Ukrainian poet and national hero whose birth 200 years earlier was marked on Sunday - the demonstrators read poetry and sang the national anthem, many with their hands on their hearts.
We are here to honour the great Shevchenko and Ukraine," said Mr Svyatoslav Regushevsky, a 46-year-old who brought his 21/2-year-old son, wearing a ski jacket with the Ukrainian flag colours, to the unity rally.
They cannot seize Crimea, (it's an) illegal occupation," he said, as around him unity supporters waved yellow-and-blue balloons marked: "We are for peace in Ukraine".
The atmosphere was peaceful, with several dozen police keeping watch on the edges of the crowd.
A convoy of about 30 cars tooting their horns and waving Russian flags drove by the rally, prompting shouts of "Shame! Shame!" from participants.
Asked why so many more people were at the pro-Russia rally, 32-year-old Mr Anton Vlasenko said they were afraid to stand up to Moscow.
They are scared of the Russian soldiers, they think they have no choice," he said.
He said the referendum planned for March 16 on making Crimea part of Russia - announced after pro-Moscow lawmakers seized control and Russian forces flooded into the region - was a farce.
The Kalashnikov is the symbol of Russian democracy," Mr Vlasenko said.
Attempts to hold a similar pro-unity demonstration in Sevastopol were met with violence, with the pro-Russian activists attacking some 20 people who were guarding a 200-strong rally in an outer district of the city.
The attackers destroyed a car and blocked the vehicles of the security men guarding the crowd, at least five of whom were detained by police.
It was unclear whether anybody was seriously injured in the clashes at the rally, which also saw protesters waving the Ukrainian flag and singing the national anthem.
Ukraine right revives wartime symbols amid 'revolution'
Major nationalist role in protests worries many in Ukraine and abroad
As Ukraine’s opposition movement vows to continue its “revolution” with more protests and a general strike, an ultra- nationalist party is playing a leading role and former symbols of the far-right fringe are moving into the political mainstream.
Flying above crowds in Kiev and other cities, the flags of Ukraine and the European Union mingle with red-and-black “blood and soil” nationalist banners.
Across the country, the rallying cry of this revolt booms out countless times every day: “Glory to Ukraine! Glory to the heroes!”
The flag and the mantra of the protests were first used by guerrillas in the 1940s, who fought against Nazi and Soviet occupiers in a bid to carve out an independent Ukraine.
They are still lionised by many people in western regions, while people in southern and eastern Ukraine, with closer ties to Russia , deride them as Nazi collaborators.
Historians say the guerrillas sometimes fought alongside Adolf Hitler’s forces in the hope of securing support for a sovereign Ukraine, and were involved in the killing of tens of thousands of Poles and the German-led mass murder and deportation of Jews.
On New Year’s Day, about 15,000 people took part in a torchlit procession through Kiev to mark 105 years since the birth of wartime nationalist leader Stepan Bandera, who is honoured with statues in western Ukraine but reviled in regions closer to Russia, as well as by Jews and Poles.
“Glory to the nation, death to the enemies!” chanted the crowd, led by members of a nationalist party called Svoboda (“Freedom”), which has risen rapidly from relative obscurity to be the fourth-largest party in parliament and jointly runs councils in western Ukraine.
Liberal opposition parties distanced themselves from the march.
Today’s “enemies” are president Viktor Yanukovich , whom critics accuse of leading Ukraine away from the European Union and back into Russia’s embrace.
Svoboda’s activists are now playing a major role in running Kiev’s main protest camp and buildings occupied by demonstrators.
They were also prominent in resisting riot police who tried to storm the camp and in the highly symbolic toppling of a statue of Vladimir Lenin.
Svoboda’s leader, former surgeon Oleh Tyahnybok, rouses protesters with firebrand rhetoric attacking the “anti-Ukrainian” forces running the country, and he has met visiting senior EU and US diplomats who would have shunned him in other circumstances.
Tyahnybok’s diatribes against corrupt politicians, tycoons and the Kremlin play well with the crowd, and the protests are helping him to push Svoboda towards Ukraine’s political centre.
How Svoboda will emerge from Ukraine’s turmoil remains to be seen, but its growing influence, hostility towards Russia and praise for Bandera could deepen the country’s divisions.
Svoboda also presents an easy target to the protesters’ foes: Ukraine’s premier Mykola Azarov has called them “Nazis and extremists”, while Russian president Vladimir Putin compared the rallies to a “pogrom”.
Statement of the MFA of the Republic of Bulgaria on the escalation of the situation in Ukraine
Nickolay Mladenov: All agreed that a political solution to the problem in Afghanistan should be found, Deutsche Welle Radio, January 29, 2010  ...
Host: In connection with the London Conference on Afghanistan, our London correspondent Andrei Vladov talked about the Bulgarian commitments at Hindukush with Nickolay Mladenov, the Bulgarian Minister of Foreign  Affairs and until quite recently  Minister of Defence, who is participating in the conference.
Nickolay Mladenov: Bulgaria is participating quite strongly in the international operation in Afghanistan.
Our contingent at the moment is nearly 500-strong, with troops in Kabul and Kandahar and medical teams in Kabul and Herat.
The government decided a while ago, early this year, to boost the size of our contingent in Kandahar with 30 people.
This is something I reaffirmed in London, and a further 70 or so people will be sent by the year’s end because the international operation for stabilisation of Afghanistan requires that in addition to the United States boosting troop numbers by 30,000, the other countries should also contribute according to their capabilities.
We saw, for example, that Romania doubled its military contingent in Afghanistan from 800 to 1,600.
And Germany doubled its financial assistance.
Andrei Vladov: Does that mean that at least for now Bulgaria is not considering phasing out of Afghanistan? N.Mladenov: The government has a mandate from the National Assembly until the completion of the international mission for stabilisation of Afghanistan.
Therefore all our efforts are concentrated within this mandate.
In addition, Bulgaria will join the European Union Police Mission to help with the training of the Afghan police as part of the NATO security mission.
A.Vladov: And yet isn’t civilian presence lagging behind Bulgaria’s military presence? 
I am drawing a parallel with the situation in Iraq and the deep disappointment of the Bulgarian public that Bulgarian companies failed to win lucrative contracts for the  reconstruction of the country.
Do you think that Bulgaria has learned from this experience and can something be done to ensure that Bulgarian companies will participate in the construction of infrastructure in Afghanistan? 
N.Mladenov: You are absolutely right about Iraq.
However, there is no comparing Iraq with Afghanistan at this point.
It will take quite some time for the situation in Afghanistan to make possible some form of more direct economic participation.
An interesting initiative was suggested today - that an economic forum be organised in Turkey for the entire region around Afghanistan to seek out such opportunities.
However, it is still early days for this.
Today’s main conclusion is that all agreed that yes, a political solution should be found to the problem in Afghanistan, but there must be some form of peace first.
Host: This was Andrei Vladov talking with the Bulgarian Minister of Foreign  Affairs, Nickolay Mladenov.
Deep rifts emerge in ranks of Ukraine's pro-Russia insurgents as support from Moscow evaporates
DONETSK, Ukraine — Deep strains emerged Thursday in the ranks of Ukraine’s pro-Moscow insurgents as dozens turned in their weapons in disgust at Russian inaction and bickering broke out between rebel factions.
In the past two weeks, Ukrainian government troops have halved the amount of territory held by the rebels and have grown better equipped and more confident by the day.
Once fearful of losing further pieces of Ukraine to Russia, they have shifted their strategy to containing the insurgents, whose pleas to join Russia have been ignored by President Vladimir Putin.
Pushed back into Ukraine’s eastern industrial city of Donetsk, the pro-Russia militias appear to be focusing their efforts now on hit-and-run operations, bombing transportation links and bracing for more assaults from government forces.
Signs of a rift within the rebellion became evident Thursday when the head of the influential Vostok battalion announced he would not submit to the authority of the military leader of the separatist Donetsk People’s Republic, Igor Girkin.
Girkin, a Russian better known by his assumed name Strelkov, has attained hero status among supporters of the insurgency.
Ukrainian authorities have identified him as a former Russian military intelligence agent active in taking over Crimea before Russia annexed it in March.
Yet he has also been criticized by some for leading the rebel withdrawal last weekend from the eastern city of Slovyansk, 110 kilometres north of Donetsk, reportedly to protect civilian lives.
“There cannot be a single leader giving orders,” he declared.
“Because if Strelkov suddenly decides what he wants is – in the interests of protecting the lives of Donetsk citizens and the lives of militiamen – to abandon Donetsk, then we will not follow his orders.”
Khodakovsky was speaking in Makiivka, a town just outside Donetsk, where his men relocated after a reported falling-out with Strelkov.
The ill will also appears to stem from a feeling among the rebels that Russia has done too little to help them.
“Strelkov is a military officer of non-local domicile, while we are locals and will not, therefore, allow the people of Donetsk to remain without our support and protection,” Khodakovsky said.
Strelkov could go back to Russia whenever he wanted, he noted.
Ukraine says Moscow is arming and supporting the rebels, charges it has denied.
In another sign of deteriorating morale among the rebels, several dozen militia fighters garrisoned in a university dorm in Donetsk abandoned their weapons and fatigues in their rooms Thursday.
Oleg, who declined to give his surname for fear of being punished for desertion, said he had served in the militia for a month and planned to go home to Makiivka.
Strelkov has admitted substantial difficulties enlisting the support of the locals in eastern Ukraine.
“In truth, the number of volunteers for the several million-strong population of Donbass, for a mining region where people are used to dangerous and difficult work, has been somewhat low,” he told a rebel-run TV station this week.
“It is very difficult to protect this territory with the forces at our disposal.”
At a news conference, the prime minister of the Donetsk People’s Republic dismissed talk of infighting.
“These are lies and disinformation.
There are no disagreements.
We are now organizing our joint work,” Alexander Boroday said.
He said 70,000 Donetsk residents have been evacuated from the city and more will follow.
He did not elaborate.
“Our aim was not to capture the airport.
The enemy sustained serious casualties,” Strelkov said.
His claim could not be independently verified.
Rebels regularly conduct lightning attacks on checkpoints, and earlier this week they blew up three bridges leading into Donetsk to hinder the movement of Ukrainian troops.
While waging what increasingly resembles guerrilla warfare, Strelkov has said he wants to transform the rebels into a regular standing army with a unified command.
The rebel leadership also said this week it will pay its soldiers monthly salaries of $500 to $700.
The plans to create a professional army also reflect the inability to recruit more volunteers.
“I know many of them from school.
I support them, but I am not going to fight,” said 39-year laborer Artyom Yermolyuk.
“What awaits them when this is all over and the Ukrainian authorities are here?”
Association Agreement between EU and Ukraine
In Brussels, the heads of state and government of the EU and the Ukrainian Prime Minister have signed an agreement on closer political cooperation.
This is a way of assuring the Ukrainian government and the Ukrainian people more comprehensive support, reported Chancellor Angela Merkel.
In Brussels, the heads of state and government of the EU and the Ukrainian Prime Minister have signed an agreement on closer political cooperation.
This is a way of assuring the Ukrainian government and the Ukrainian people more comprehensive support, reported Chancellor Angela Merkel.
Prime Minister Arsenyi Yatsenyuk and the EU heads of state and government signed the political chapters of the Association Agreement at the European Council meeting in Brussels.
The European Commission will also introduce an extensive easing of customs duties on imports from Ukraine, said the Chancellor.
No more customs duties will be imposed on products imported to the EU from Ukraine.
EU pushes for observer mission
The EU is continuing to push for an OCSE mission in Ukraine.
If all efforts fail, the EU will push to deploy its own mission, stressed Angela Merkel.
The heads of state and government once again stated unequivocally that the territorial integrity of Ukraine is non-negotiable.
That is why we condemn the annexation of Crimea and consider it to be illegal, said the Chancellor.
Consequently, we have agreed to ask the Commission to propose economic and financial restrictions regarding Crimea.
Further sanctions approved
The EU approved stage-two sanctions against a larger group of individuals.
In view of the fact that no contact group has been established, and given the "other circumstances", the list will be extended within the scope of what is being termed stage two of sanctions.
Angela Merkel explained that this will involve visa bans and asset freezes.
Should there be any further escalation regarding Ukraine, the EU is ready to proceed to stage three, stressed the Chancellor.
The Commission has been asked to start preparations for possible economic sanctions.
Next summit meetings cancelled
The Chancellor stated clearly that the next EU-Russia Summit will not take place.
The same applies to bilateral summits in the near future.
This would and will impact on the German-Russian consultations in Germany.
Speaking after the European Council meeting, Angela Merkel stressed that Europe has demonstrated that it can act resolutely with one voice.
EU sanctions add to Putin's Crimea headache
A leaked copy of the EU's new Crimea sanctions indicate a near-total ban on business co-operation starting Saturday morning.
It stops European entities from buying real estate, acquiring shares in Crimean firms, and providing loans or financial services.
It prohibits them “to sell, supply, transfer, or export goods and technology” in the transport, telecommunications, energy, and oil and gas exploration sectors.
It prevents provision of any EU services “directly relating to infrastructure … [and] tourism activities”, listing seven ports where EU cruise ships cannot call: Chernomorsk; Evpatoria; Kamysh-Burun; Kerch; Sevastopol; Theodosia; and Yalta.
It also lists 165 goods and products under embargo, hitting both industry and private consumers.
They include: salt; sulphur; iron; nickel; rock-drilling tools; steam turbines; fridges; washing machines; fork-lift trucks; machine parts; and office equipment.
They also include: radio and TV broadcasting equipment; light bulbs; trucks and vans; motorcycles; and liquid crystal devices.
The law contains exemptions to “minimise the effect … on the civilian population” and on EU businesses.
It doesn’t apply to contracts signed three months or more before 20 December or to Crimea-based firms’ operations outside the region.
Cruise ships can keep calling until 20 March.
Derogations also cover supplies to foreign consular missions, hospitals, and schools, as well as work to maintain “safety of existing infrastructure” or to protect “human health and safety … or the environment”.
The ban goes much further than previous Crimea sanctions in June and July.
Given Russia’s financial crisis and that it has to supply Crimea by sea, it's likely to make the region, which used to live on Ukrainian subsidies, into even more of an economic headache.
With Crimea’s maritime zone said to hold gas reserves, the ban on gas exploration technology will slow down efforts to cash in.
EU sources say France, which has the biggest commercial interests in Crimea, tried to water down the measures.
It said the ban should apply only to firms which are legally domiciled in the region.
But the final text also embargoes “subsidiaries or affiliates under … control in Crimea”.
Against the grain
The new measures go against the grain of current EU thinking on the crisis.
EU leaders will take stock of Russia relations at a summit on Thursday.
Draft conclusions say if Russia continues to flout ceasefire accords “the EU will stay the course; the European Council is ready to take further steps”.
But German, French, Russian, and Ukrainian leaders in a phone call on Wednesday spoke of diplomatic solutions.
German chancellor Angela Merkel’s press release said she wants “good and co-operative relations” and "closer" trade ties with Moscow.
A senior EU diplomat told EUobserver “the mood has shifted” since she met Russian leader Vladimir Putin at a G20 event in Australia last month.
“I don’t have the feeling that there'll be a new wave of economic sanctions”, he said, referring to measures beyond Thursday’s Crimea decision.
Smallprint, big meaning
For her part, EU foreign affairs chief Federica Mogherini has called for a review of Russia sanctions in early 2015.
She has little power to shape policy.
But the vocabulary of EU statements has changed since she arrived on 1 November.
Pre-Mogherini ones referred to Russian forces in Ukraine, but post-Mogherini ones call them “foreign forces” or “illegal forces” without naming Russia.
Ukraine’s ambassador to the EU, Kostiantyn Yelisieiev, recently urged EU states to call a spade a spade.
He wrote in a letter to EU ambassadors ahead of a Ukraine meeting on 15 December that the event “should not be an occasion for twisting language”.
He said “the word ‘aggression’ should not be avoided as it is an unfortunate reality" and that the EU should keep repeating that Crimea is “occupied” or “annexed" by Russia.
Mogherini’s 15 December statement mentioned the “illegal annexation of Crimea by the Russian Federation”.
But it didn't use the word “aggression” and spoke of “infiltration of illegal forces … from the territory of” Russia.
Putin Classifying Troop Losses Proves They're in Ukraine – Analysts
Legal amendments introduced Thursday that classify as state secrets any losses sustained during peacetime special operations are further confirmation of Russia's direct involvement in the Ukraine conflict, legal and military experts told The Moscow Times.
The amendments, signed by President Vladimir Putin, make "information disclosing the loss of personnel … during special operations in peacetime" a classified state secret.
Putin has repeatedly denied any involvement of Russian troops in the armed conflict in eastern Ukraine.
Asked to explain Putin's move Thursday, his spokesman Dmitry Peskov had no immediate comment, Reuters reported.
Military servicemen who are killed, injured or go missing can be considered military losses, meaning their relatives will be forced to keep information about their deaths a secret, lawyers said Thursday.
Even a death notification sent to parents or other relatives [of a soldier] can be considered a secret under this decree," Ivan Pavlov, a leading lawyer in the field of government transparency who has successfully defended treason suspects, told The Moscow Times.
The federal list of what constitutes a state secret can be accessed publicly, but government agencies also compile their own lists that are themselves usually classified.
Moreover, what the Defense Ministry classifies as a secret could be considered open information by the Interior Ministry, Pavlov said.
If a citizen, for instance a journalist, obtains information that is considered a state secret, they face prison.
The problem is that they might not even know it was a state secret," said Pavlov, who successfully defended Alexander Nikitin, a former nuclear inspector who was accused in the 1990s of espionage for raising the alarm about the dangers posed by decaying nuclear submarines.
Truth and Consequences
Since the conflict in eastern Ukraine broke out following a popular uprising that toppled the former pro-Russian president Viktor Yanukovych last year, many journalists have investigated reports of Russian troops fighting — and dying — there.
The Kremlin denies there are Russian soldiers fighting on the side of pro-Russian rebels in Ukraine.
Last August the Pskovskaya Guberniya newspaper published a series of articles alleging that secret funerals had been held for paratroopers from a local regiment believed to have been killed fighting in Ukraine.
One of the newspaper's main writers, Lev Shlosberg, was severely beaten by three unidentified men shortly afterwards.
Leading Russian opposition politician Boris Nemtsov was also working on a report about alleged Russian troop losses in Ukraine at the time of his murder in central Moscow in February.
Other journalists and human rights groups have attempted to find proof that the Russian army is directly involved in helping pro-Russian insurgents in Ukraine.
The St. Petersburg branch of the Soldiers' Mothers Committee — an organization that campaigns to defend the rights of soldiers and their families — sent around 30 requests for information to military units that soldiers' families and media reports have identified as suffering losses in 2014.
Only one unit responded in full, according to the NGO's spokesman Alexander Peredruk.
The main consequence of this law is that it will basically be impossible to obtain information," Peredruk said in a phone interview with The Moscow Times.
We won't know what the statistics are, but the truth is, we didn't know before either," he said.
After Russia's five-day war with Georgia in South Ossetia, which was referred to as a special operation, the General Staff announced that it had lost 74 servicemen there.
According to Alexander Khramchikhin, deputy director of the Institute for Political and Military Analysis think tank, there is no internationally accepted norm for classifying special military operations.
Each country handles these questions its own way; for many this is not an issue.
In the United States, such operations are completely classified," he told The Moscow Times in a phone interview.
Ordinary Victims
The key point of the legal amendments is that ordinary people will suffer as a result of them, said Grigory Pasko, a military journalist and director of the Moscow-based Foundation for Investigative Journalism.
The main victims of this decree are parents and relatives and also soldiers themselves who have gone missing or were killed in combat," he said.
A former officer of the Russian Navy, Pasko served a prison term for espionage in connection with research he did for a report on environmental issues in the Sea of Japan.
Pasko said the Russian state already has all the necessary means to protect its secrets.
The high treason article of the Russian Criminal Code says that in addition to espionage and disclosure of state secrets, "any other assistance rendered to a foreign state, a foreign organization or their representatives in hostile activities to the detriment of the external security of the Russian Federation" shall be punishable by up to 20 years in prison.
Svetlana Davydova, a mother of seven, was detained in January on suspicion of high treason over a phone call she made to the Ukrainian Embassy in which she warned that Russian troops might have been deployed to eastern Ukraine.
She was released and the charges dropped in February.
Lajčák reacts to Ukraine violence
  A SERIES of hastily passed laws seeking to limit the right to protest added fuel to the fire of anti-government protests in the Ukrainian capital Kiev, and after a violent clash with police saw up to five demonstrators killed, the international community, including Ukraine’s western neighbour Slovakia, called for calm.
“When blood was shed a red line was crossed,” Foreign Minister Miroslav Lajčák told The Slovak Spectator.
“This is not an academic issue for us.
We have very actively been supporting a European way for Ukraine.”
The United States has imposed visa restrictions on Ukrainian officials connected to the violence in the wake of allegations that two protesters were shot and killed by security forces.
Lajčák said that he imagines the European Union also must act.
“There is a saying that if a leader does not want to listen to his people, he will hear from them,” Lajčák said.
“That is exactly what is happening in Ukraine.”
Prime Minister Robert Fico said on January 22 that he was shocked by the developments in Ukraine.
He condemned the intervention of specialised security units in Kiev resulting in the death of several demonstrators as unacceptable, noting that Ukraine is Slovakia’s neighbour “with which we have many things in common”.
“I want to appeal to all those involved in the demonstrations to refrain from any violence,” said Fico, as quoted by the SITA newswire, adding that Ukrainian authorities should respect citizens’ right to protest.
According to Fico, dialogue, not force, is needed to quell the tense situation.
Since late November 2013, pro-EU Ukrainians have been protesting in the streets of the country’s cities, spurred by Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych’s last-minute decision not to sign the association agreement with the EU.
Some observers see pressure from Russia behind his decision and suggest that the crisis has revealed deep divisions in Ukraine between those who lean toward Moscow and those looking westward.
“If one of the wealthiest men of the country, Viktor Yanukovych, is the president in Ukraine and he is backed by one of the most powerful people in the world, Russian President Vladimir Putin, then the public does not have a chance,” Oles Cheresko, a Ukrainian living in Slovakia, told the Sme daily, which addressed several Ukrainians on January 23.
Many were sceptical about the eventual success of demonstrators.
Fico was mum on the events in Ukraine until December 3 of last year, when he said that the EU is “so in love with itself” that it is convinced there is no better alternative to it in the world, SITA reported.
EU membership is not a religious rule for countries and each country can freely decide whether or not it will join, Fico said, adding that one must look at the offers that have been put in place, such as the lowering of gas prices or projects offered to Ukraine.
“Ukraine simply decided to go another way and I will not judge it now, this is an internal affair [for Ukraine],” Fico said at the time.
But as demonstrations have persisted and confrontations have increased in frequency and intensity, such comments are increasingly seen as out of step with the European mainstream.
Events on the ground appear to have make things about much more than whether Ukraine wishes to enter the EU or not.
“If it is proven that it was the government, the police who killed demonstrators, we have to call on those responsible to answer,” Lajčák said.
“If the European Union is true to its values, then obviously we cannot remain silent in this gross violation of not only democratic principles, but of the law.”
Ukraine crisis: Putin adviser accuses US of meddling
A senior adviser to Russian President Vladimir Putin accuses the US of meddling in Ukraine, in breach of a 1994 agreement over non-intervention.
A senior adviser to Russian President Vladimir Putin has accused the US of meddling in Ukraine, in breach of a 1994 agreement over non-intervention.
Sergei Glazyev said the US was spending $20m (£12.3m; 14.8m euros) a week on Ukrainian opposition groups, supplying "rebels" with arms among other things.
Accusing the US of ignoring the Memorandum on Security Assurances , he suggested Moscow could also intervene.
The American embassy in Kiev declined to comment on his accusations.
Ukraine unrest: Timeline
21 November 2013: Ukraine announces it will not sign a deal aimed at strengthening ties with the EU, sparking protests
17 December: Russia agrees to buy $15bn of Ukrainian government bonds and slash the price of gas it sells to the country
16 January 2014: Parliament passes law restricting the right to protest
22 January: Two protesters die from bullet wounds during clashes with police in Kiev; protests spread across many cities
25 January: President Yanukovych offers senior jobs to the opposition, including that of prime minister, but these are rejected
28 January: Parliament votes to annul protest law and President Yanukovych accepts resignation of PM and cabinet
29 January: Parliament passes amnesty law for detained protesters, under the condition occupied buildings are vacated
Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych is due to meet Mr Putin on Friday in Sochi, on the opening day of the Winter Olympic Games there.
He held talks in Kiev with US Assistant Secretary of State Victoria Nuland on Thursday, at which he said he favoured dialogue and compromise with the opposition.
Meanwhile, an audio recording has been posted online, which is purported to be a hacked phone conversation between Ms Nuland and US Ambassador Geoffrey Pyatt, in which the female speaker dismisses EU efforts to resolve the crisis, using an expletive.
The two speakers also discuss frankly the merits of the three main Ukrainian opposition leaders in the conversation.
The US embassy declined to comment on the tape.
Thousands of Ukrainian opposition activists, some carrying shields and baseball bats, marched from their camp on Independence Square in the capital Kiev to parliament in a show of force on Thursday.
They came close to government supporters who are camped next to parliament behind barricades manned by hundreds of police, but the march passed off peacefully.
In another development, a man received a serious hand injury when he reportedly opened a letter bomb inside one of the buildings occupied by protesters in Kiev, Trade Union House.
He was rushed to hospital, police confirmed.
Flagrantly and unilaterally'
Mr Glazyev told Kommersant newspaper's Ukrainian edition: "According to this document [the memorandum], Russia and the US are guarantors of the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine and, frankly speaking, they are obliged to intervene when conflict situations of this kind arise.
The memorandum, which also involved the UK, was signed after Ukraine gave up its claim to any part of the Soviet nuclear arsenal after the dissolution of the USSR.
Mr Glazyev, who is widely regarded as Mr Putin's chief adviser on Ukraine, gave a wide-ranging interview to Kommersant.
He warned that if the opposition did not end its occupation of Independence Square, which is now into its fourth month, President Yanukovych might have no choice but to use force.
In a situation when the authorities encounter a coup attempt, they simply have no choice [but to use force]," he said.
Otherwise the country will be plunged into chaos.
Accusing the Americans of "interfering flagrantly and unilaterally in the internal affairs of Ukraine", he said: "There is information that within the grounds of the American embassy, there is training for fighters, that they're arming them.
Mr Glazyev predicted the situation there would "normalise" if the US desisted from intervening.
Russia itself has been widely accused of intervening in Ukraine, using its economic clout to persuade President Yanukovych and his allies to abandon closer ties with the EU in favour of Russia and other ex-Soviet states.
The current stand-off in the streets began in November after President Yanukovych refused to sign a far-reaching agreement with Brussels at the last moment.
It descended into violence last month after a new law to curb protests - which has since been repealed - provoked fury among the opposition.
At least three protesters died in the violence, as did at least three police officers, and hundreds of people were injured.
The opposition accuses the security forces of abducting and torturing activists.
One of these, Dmytro Bulatov, who has been receiving medical treatment in Lithuania, told reporters on Thursday he had been beaten, choked and interrogated in an ordeal lasting eight days.
I was telling them lies just to stop the torture," said Mr Bulatov, 35.
At one point I asked them to kill me because I couldn't stand it anymore.
Canada suspends military activity with Russia 'effective immediately'
Canada ramped up its response to the situation in Ukraine Tuesday, as Prime Minister Stephen Harper announced that all planned bilateral military activities with Russia have been “suspended.”
“I have this morning directed that, effective immediately, all planned bilateral activities between the Canadian Armed Forces and the military of the Russian Federation be suspended.
This includes exercises, such as NORAD’s Exercise Vigilant Eagle, and scheduled meetings,” Harper said in a statement.
“We continue to view the situation in Ukraine with the gravest concern and will continue to review our relations with President Putin’s government accordingly.”
Later Tuesday during question period in the House of Commons, Harper reiterated that all G8 members have suspended their preparations for what was to be the next meeting in Sochi, scheduled for June, and suggested that members are considering holding a meeting without Russia.
“In terms of a G7 meeting, I spoke to (U.S.) President (Barack) Obama on that on the weekend.
I suggested that, and I know there are discussions…of the possibility of a G7 meeting in the upcoming weeks,” Harper said.
The prime minister also said that given the ongoing crisis in Ukraine, “all of our economic and diplomatic bilateral relationship with Russia is under examination, will continue to be under examination and, working in concert with our allies, we will continue to search for ways to apply ongoing pressure and isolation to the Putin regime until such time as it reverses its course of action.”
Harper’s announcements come as tensions remain high over the crisis in Ukraine.
Over the weekend, Russian forces moved into the Crimean peninsula and took control of its ferry, as well as military bases and border posts.
Russian Navy ships are also blocking two Ukrainian warships in the Crimean port of Sevastopol.
The moves came after months of pro-democracy protests in Ukraine turned violent, killing nearly 100 people and sending President Viktor Yanukovych into hiding.
The Ukrainian Parliament appointed an interim president and prime minister until elections can be held.
Earlier Tuesday, Russian President Vladimir Putin attempted to defend his military’s incursion in the Crimean peninsula, saying he is trying to protect Russian-speaking people in Ukraine and has no desire “to fight the Ukrainian people.”
Putin agreed to a special meeting in Brussels to discuss the situation.
Meanwhile, the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe announced it will send observers to Ukraine as early as Wednesday, with the intention of making their way to Crimea.
Canada’s Foreign Affairs Minister John Baird said Tuesday Canada “welcomes” the decision to send observers to Ukraine.
However, Canada has yet to say whether it, too, will send a contingent.
Baird met with Ukraine’s Ambassador to Canada, Vadym Prystaiko, Tuesday, and in prepared remarks, compared Putin’s move to Germany’s claim to the Sudetenland, western Czechoslovakia, in the run-up to World War II.
“Canada can never accept, and the international community can never accept, ethnic nationalist justification for invading a peaceful, democratic neighbour,” Baird said before his meeting with Prystaiko.
“It’s not lost on the rest of the world that the same argument was made before the Second World War on the annexation of the Sudetenland in Czechoslovakia in 1938.
We will continue to call on President Putin to withdraw all of his forces to their bases and to refrain from further provocative action in this part of the world.”
Prystaiko thanked Canada for its ongoing support during the crisis, and said Ukraine believes “there is a chance for a diplomatic solution.”
Prystaiko said a threat to turf Russia from the G8 is one that Putin will take seriously.
“The G8 is an important mechanism, and Russians are happy to be there in the company of those people,” he told reporters on Parliament Hill.
“I believe he listened to the message from Canada and other G8 members and understands the gravity of this.”
Observers from the International Monetary Fund are also on the ground in Ukraine to assess the country’s financial picture, and Prystaiko said aid from Canada and the rest of the world is urgently needed.
Prystaiko said the country has a $35-billion debt that needs to be paid.
“We’d like Canada to do something,” he said.
“We’d like to ask the European partners to do more, because really we need a lot more immediately.”
Ukraine crisis: EU signs association deal
EU leaders seal an accord on closer ties with Ukraine, as President Putin completes the treaty on Crimea's entry into the Russian Federation.
The EU and Ukraine have signed an agreement forging closer economic ties, in a show of support following Russia's annexation of Crimea.
Former Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych's abandonment of the EU deal in November triggered protests, his removal and Russia's move into Crimea.
EU leaders have also agreed to try to reduce energy dependence on Russia.
In Moscow, President Vladimir Putin signed a law formally absorbing Crimea into Russia.
The EU and the US have announced sanctions on several high-ranking Russian figures, targeting Mr Putin's inner circle.
Full details of the latest EU targets are due to be published shortly.
Russian shares fell sharply on Friday as investors considered the impact of the Western sanctions on Russia's economy.
The EU Association Agreement with Ukraine is designed to give the country's interim leadership under PM Arseniy Yatsenyuk economic and political support.
EU President Herman Van Rompuy said in a statement that the accord "recognises the aspirations of the people of Ukraine to live in a country governed by values, by democracy and the rule of law".
The political parts of the accord were signed in Brussels on Friday; the economic and trade sections will not be signed until after Ukrainian presidential elections in May.
Mr Yatsenyuk said this was a "historic day", adding: "We want to be a part of the big European family and this is the first tremendous step in order to achieve for Ukraine its ultimate goal, as a full-fledged member.
He added that "the best way to contain Russia is to impose real economic leverage".
Speaking at the end of the summit in Brussels, German Chancellor Angela Merkel said she was returning home "very happy," as European leaders had been able to find a joint position on the Ukraine crisis.
UK Prime Minister David Cameron said that the best rebuke to Russia would be a strong and successful Ukraine.
Mr Cameron described Sunday's referendum in Crimea as a "sham", saying it took place "at the barrel of a Kalashnikov".
Trade issues
The most sensitive issue of trade integration with the EU is as yet unsigned.
But in its Conclusions on Ukraine , published on Friday, the EU said it was committed to signing the remainder.
The EU also said it would push ahead with similar co-operation deals with two former Soviet republics - Georgia and Moldova - in the summer.
Moscow has troops in breakaway parts of Georgia and in Trans-Dniester, which broke away from Moldova, and our correspondent says the EU's announcement on this is likely to infuriate the Kremlin far more than any sanctions imposed so far.
The EU has also cancelled a summit with Russia in June and said member states would cancel regular bilateral summits.
Sanctions broadened
Friday's signing came as the EU broadened its sanctions over Russia's annexation of Crimea.
It added 12 individuals to an earlier list of 21 who now face asset freezes and travel bans.
The US on Thursday added to its own list and also targeted the Rossiya bank.
President Putin said after talks with officials in Moscow that he would not take immediate reciprocal action.
I think we should refrain from taking steps in response for now," Interfax quoted Mr Putin as saying.
Regarding the US sanctions on Rossiya bank, Mr Putin said: "I personally did not have an account with it but will open an account there on Monday for sure.
Two credit rating agencies have now downgraded Russia's outlook to negative from stable.
After signing the law completing Crimea's accession to the Russian Federation, Mr Putin said: "We have a lot of work ahead to adapt Crimea to Russian legislation...
I ask deputies of both chambers to do their best in the interests of all Russians and of Crimeans especially.
Earlier all 155 senators present in the upper house of Russia's parliament voted to ratify the treaty.
Addressing the house, Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said any reference to annexation was an insult to "people, to their inalienable rights to self-determination, which they have exercised to the full".
Ukraine's interim President Olexander Turchynov, after meeting UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon on Friday, said Kiev would never accept a Crimea that was not part of Ukraine's sovereign territory.
Mr Ban said that he had told President Putin in talks on Thursday that the crisis could only be solved through peaceful negotiations, based on the UN charter and respect for the sovereignty of Ukraine.
He urged both sides to avoid "inflammatory rhetoric" and to control "radical elements".
A UN team under envoy Ivan Simonovic has now arrived in Crimea to discuss setting up a UN human rights monitoring mission in the region.
Canada suspends military cooperation with Russia over Ukraine events
This includes exercises, such as NORAD’s Exercise Vigilant Eagle, and scheduled meetings
Canada has suspended its military cooperation with Russia over the recent events in Ukraine, which has been in a political turmoil since its legitimate leader was ousted last month, Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper said.
“I have this morning directed that, effective immediately, all planned bilateral activities between the Canadian Armed Forces and the military of the Russian Federation be suspended,” Harper said Tuesday.
“This includes exercises, such as NORAD’s Exercise Vigilant Eagle, and scheduled meetings,” he said.
Canada is home to about 1.4 million Ukrainians, who account for about 4 percent of its population.
The Canadian prime minister also said Tuesday he was alarmed by the situation in Ukraine and added that his country would continue reviewing its relations with the Russian government.
DEVELOPMENTS IN UKRAINE
Ukraine’s legitimate president, Viktor Yanukovich, was ousted in a violent uprising in February.
The Ukrainian parliament, the Verkhovna Rada, took over and appointed an interim head of state and approved a new government, which Russia does not recognize.
Yanukovich told journalists in south Russia last week he remained Ukraine’s legitimate leader.
Russian President Vladimir Putin gave a news conference in his residence in Novo-Ogaryovo on Tuesday that focused on Ukraine.
He called the recent developments in the country “an anti-constitutional coup” and “an armed seizure of power.” He also said he believed Yanukovich remained the only legitimate president, and said Ukraine's parliament was “partially” legitimate.
Putin also dismissed claims recently voiced by some media that Russian armed forces had taken part in any operations in the autonomous Ukrainian republic of Crimea, where Russians constitute the majority.
“These were local self-defense forces,” Putin said.
RUSSIA AUTHORIZES USE OF TROOPS IN UKRAINE
On March 1, Sergei Aksyonov, the chairman of Crimea’s Council of Ministers, addressed Russian President Putin with a request “to provide assistance in ensuring peace and calm on the territory of the autonomous republic of Crimea.”
Aksyonov said he made the address because he realized his “responsibility for the life and security of the citizens.”
The Russian presidential administration said March 1 that Moscow would not leave the request unattended.
During Yanukovich’s presidency, which started in 2010, Moscow and Kiev agreed to extend Russia’s military presence in Crimea until 2042 - a deal the then Ukrainian opposition sharply criticized.
The upper house of Russia’s parliament, the Federation Council, on March 1 authorized the use Russia’s armed forces in Ukraine “until the situation normalizes” in the country.
During Tuesday’s press conference, Putin said that “so far, there is no need” to use the Russian armed forces in Ukraine.
Earlier, Russia’s ambassador to the UN, Vitaly Churkin, said Yanukovich had written a letter to Putin dated March 1 asking him to use Russia’s armed forces in Ukraine “to reinstate legality, peace, law and order, stability and protect the Ukrainian population.”
THREAT OF SANCTIONS AND G8 SUMMIT
Asked about the West’s tough reaction to Russia’s position on Ukraine, Putin told journalists on Tuesday that Russia’s actions were based on the norms of international law.
When asked about the threat of sanctions from Western countries, Putin said that “those who intend to apply them need to consider their consequences.”
“I believe that in the modern world, where everything is interconnected and interdependent, it is possible to cause damage to another country, but this will be mutual damage and one should bear this in mind,” the Russian president told reporters in his residence in Novo-Ogaryovo in line with a translation posted on the Kremlin website.
“We think our actions have been absolutely reasonable, while any threat against Russia is counterproductive and harmful,” he said.
Moscow continues its preparations for the G8 summit due in Russia’s Black Sea resort of Sochi in June despite a move by Western partners to suspend their preparatory work for the event, Putin also said.
“We will be ready to host the summit with our colleagues.
If they do not want to come - so be it,” he said.
Kerry: We stand with the people of Ukraine – Europe
US Secretary of State says West backs protesters to have a say on the future of their country, to anger of Russia.
The US secretary of state, John Kerry, said that the US and the EU supported the people of Ukraine as they sought a stronger democracy, as protests against the government of Viktor Yanukovich threatened to turn international.
In comments made on Saturday, Kerry said Ukrainians deserved the right to decide their own future and should not be coerced into accepting their future lay with one country - a reference to President Yanukovich's decision to renege on a cooperation deal with the EU under pressure from Russia.
The statement came as Kerry prepared to meet Vitaly Klitschko, a Ukraine opposition leader, on the sidelines of a security conference in Munich, Germany.
The people of Ukraine were "fighting for the right to associate with partners who will help them realise their aspirations", he said.
They have decided that means their futures do not have to lie with one country alone, and certainly not coerced.
The United States and EU stand with the people of Ukraine in that fight.
His was the latest statement from Western powers  supporting anti-Yanukovich protests, which have been ongoing for two months since the move away from the EU deal.
Klitschko told reporters at Saturday's security conference that he had the backing of Western diplomats because an unstable Ukraine could bring instability to the whole region.
The escalation must not be allowed to go on … we must avoid the start of a civil war," he said.
Double standards'
Russia, however, said that the West was enforcing double standards.
Foreign minister, Sergei Lavrov, accused EU leaders of interfering in Ukraine's internal affairs and helping stoke violent anti-government protests.
Why are many prominent EU politicians actually encouraging such actions although back home they are quick to severely punish any violations of the law?" he said.
What does incitement of increasingly violent street protests have to do with promoting democracy?," he said in response to European Council President Herman Van Rompuy, who earlier said Ukraine's future lay in Europe.
The EU and Russia have been at loggerheads over Ukraine since Yanukovich ditched an EU association accord in November under pressure from a Moscow seen to be trying to bring its former Soviet satellite back into the fold.
Speaking to Al Jazeera from Munich, Leonid Kozhara, the Ukranian foreign minister, called on Ukranians to distance themselves from the opposition, saying there was a "big misunderstanding between the government and the opposition".
For the first time in our country, we can see extremist groups," he said.
He disputed claims that an opposition activist, Dmytro Bulatov, 35, had been tortured.
Physically, this man is in good condition, and the only thing he has is a scratch on one of his cheeks.
But Bulatov's lawyer, Ruslan Radetski, told Al Jazeera's Tamila Varshalomidze in Kiev, that he was in "intensive care unit after a surgery".
He is in a tough condition in intensive care after a surgery.
He was kidnapped, beaten up and tortured.
The doctors haven't said yet when he will be able to leave the hospital, treatment is under way.
CF-18s head to Romania amid 'uncertainty' about NATO mission
Six CF-18s and hundreds of Canadian Forces personnel left for Romania today to assist NATO forces in Eastern Europe amid uncertainty over the length and scope of the mission.
Lieut.-Gen. Yvan Blondin and Defence Minister Rob Nicholson say Canadian fighter pilots will be training Romanian and other NATO allies as unrest continues in Ukraine.1:13
There is a lot of uncertainty about what we're going to be doing over there," Lt.-Gen. Yvan Blondin said, as the jet fighters left Bagotville, Que., for Romania Tuesday morning.
Ukraine crisis: Canada imposes more sanctions on Russia
The CF-18 pilots are trained to perform air defence, air superiority, aerospace testing and evaluation and tactical support missions and are trained to engage both aerial and ground targets.
Blondin said the CF-18s will likely be taking part in routine training exercises.
We're going to go to Romania.
When we get there, it's going to be day-to-day flying like we do in Bagotville , except it's going to be training with Romanian and other NATO countries from day to day.
And then we'll see.
We're not sure how long we're going to be staying, but we'll be staying until the government tells us it's time to come back," Blondin said.
He made the comments at a press conference with Defence Minister Rob Nicholson in  Bagotville , where the CF-18 Hornets are based.
More than 200 will be part of mission
The six fighters were accompanied by a C-17 cargo plane carrying spare parts, tools and mechanical equipment.
Two Airbuses took off, one carrying fuel and the other with 50 to 80 personnel.
Blondin confirmed that between 220 to 250 military personnel will eventually be deployed for this NATO mission.
The military will fly four hours to Keflavik, Iceland and wait for further directions from Department of National Defence's Central Command.
It is expected they will learn their exact destination in Romania later tonight.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper announced on April 17 that six RCAF CF-18 fighter jets would join the NATO mission in response to the Ukraine crisis.
The jets left their base in Bagotville, Que., on Tuesday.
These days, the Baltic region is a buzzing hive of NATO planes
On May 1.the Polish Air Force will take responsibility for the Baltic Air Policing: four MiG-29 Fulcrums accompanied by more than 100 soldiers will deploy to Lithuania.
Along with all the armament and equipment needed to keep the detachment active until Aug.31.
What makes this rotation so special is the fact that the Polish Fulcrums are going to be supported by U.S. F-15 Eagles , RAF Eurofighter Typhoons , Danish F-16s and French Rafales .
According to various media outlets the massive deployment of NATO aircraft in the Baltic area is related to Ukrainian crisis even if Russian activity in the entire region has been quite intense and frequent well before the invasion of Crimea and the subsequent crisis.
The official aim of the deployment is to conduct air patrols and intercepts over Estonia , Lithuania and Latvia.
Additionally the jet fighters will assist jetliners and fighter jets in case of emergencies.
As usual, most of the aircraft will be stationed in Šiauliai base, Lithuania.
Meanwhile, a Baltic Region Training Event (BRTE) is taking part at Šiauliai on Apr.1 – 2.
The exercise features Swedish Gripens , E-3 Sentry , Lithuanian C-27Js and the USAFE F-15Cs stationed in Lithuania for the Baltic Air Policing rotation.
The exercise is a routine event organized by the NATO Allied Air Command (COM AIRCOM) from Ramstein and Combined Air Operations Centre Uedem (CAOC Uedem).
KC-135Rs operating from Germany provide the air-refueling support.
The exercise is focusing mostly on air-to-air training, especially within the scope of the coordination and emergency procedures during QRA (Quick Reaction Alert), e.g. in case of communication problems.
One drill with Gripens and F-15C jet fighters in a renegade scenario has been already carried out.
Other missions to be conducted include SAR operations and low altitude passes over Palanga and Vilnus airports, in order to enhance the way the civilian staff and the air forces cooperate.
Fueled by an image posted on Facebook as an April Fools day joke, rumors spread on Social Network that F-22 Raptors were deploying to Poland.
The radar evading planes were actually deploying to Al Dhafra , UAE for the usual rotation in the Persian Gulf .
Third Wave of Sanctions Slams Russian Stocks
Russian shares fell 2.3 percent on Thursday after Washington imposed its toughest economic sanctions yet on Russian energy, financial and defense firms, also hitting the ruble and the country's sovereign dollar bonds.
The U.S. government imposed sanctions on Wednesday on some major players in the Russian economy over what Washington says is Moscow's reluctance to curb violence in Ukraine.
US Imposes Sanctions on 7 Russians, 17 Russian Companies
WASHINGTON, April 28 (RIA Novosti) - The United States on Monday imposed sanctions against seven individual Russians and 17 Russian companies, White House Press Secretary Jay Carney said.
Carney said the sanctions were in response to Crimea’s reunification with Russia, which the United States does not acknowledge, as well as Russia’s stance on Ukraine.
“At the contact group meeting in Geneva on April 17, 2014, Russia, Ukraine, the United States, and the European Union decided on a number of steps to deescalate the situation in eastern Ukraine, including refraining from further violence or provocative acts.
Since April 17, Russia has done nothing to meet its Geneva commitments and in fact has further escalated the crisis.
Russia’s involvement in the recent violence in eastern Ukraine is indisputable,” Carney said.
The United States has imposed sanctions on individuals in Russian President Vladimir Putin’s inner circle.
“The Department of the Treasury is imposing sanctions on seven Russian government officials, including two members of President Putin’s inner circle, who will be subject to an asset freeze and a US visa ban, and 17 companies linked to Putin’s inner circle, which will be subject to an asset freeze.
In addition, the Department of Commerce has imposed additional restrictions on 13 of those companies by imposing a license requirement with a presumption of denial for the export, re-export or other foreign transfer of US-origin items to the companies.
Further, today the Departments of Commerce and State have announced a tightened policy to deny export license applications for any high-technology items that could contribute to Russia’s military capabilities,” Carney said.
The individuals included in the sanctions are: Russian Presidential Envoy to Crimea Oleg Belaventsev, Rostech CEO Sergei Chemezov, Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Kozak, Director of the Federal Protective Service of the Russian Federation Yevgeny Murov, Chairman of State Duma Committee on International Affairs Alexei Pushkov, Rosneft CEO Igor Sechin, and First Deputy Chief of Staff of the Presidential Executive Office Vyacheslav Volodin.
All of the 17 companies named by the US Treasury are either controlled or linked to individuals and companies mentioned in the previous list of sanctions.
The list includes Volga Group, an investment vehicle that manages assets on behalf of sanctions-hit businessman Gennady Timchenko.
The other sanctions-hit companies designated for being owned or controlled by Timchenko or the Volga Group are soft drink producer Aquanika Holding Limited, business aviation companies Avia Group and Avia Group Nord, transportation company Sakhatrans LLC and oil and gas rail freight operator Transoil.
Other companies sanctioned for being owned or controlled by Timchenko are holding company for construction assets Stroytransgaz Holding, construction group Stroytransgaz Group, infrastructure construction company Stroytransgaz LLC, electricity construction company Stroytransgaz OJSC and industrial construction company Stroytransgaz-M.
The list also names banks Investcapitalbank and SMP Bank, as well as gas pipeline construction company Stroygazmontazh, owned or controlled by Boris Rotenberg and/or his older brother Arkady, who were sanctioned last month.
Three organizations owned or controlled by Bank Rossiya - group of leasing companies Zest, Investment Company LLC Abros and bank Sobinbank – were also hit by the new round of sanctions.
Speaking in the Philippines ahead of the announcement, President Barack Obama said the goal of the sanctions was “not to go after [Russian President Vladimir] Putin personally,” but “to change his calculus with respect to how the current actions that he’s engaging in could have an adverse impact on the Russian economy over the long haul.”
Moscow has repeatedly warned that talking in the language of sanctions is “inappropriate and counterproductive” and warned its Western partners about the “boomerang effect” that sanctions would have.
The US and EU earlier imposed targeted sanctions against Moscow over its reunification with Crimea, a former region of Ukraine that held a referendum in March in which 96 percent of population voted for integration with Russia.
The assets of several Russian politicians, lawmakers and businessmen, were frozen; they were also banned from receiving to visas.
The G7 countries also threatened Russia with broad economic sanctions in case of further escalation of the situation in Ukraine.
US President Barack Obama said Sunday at a press conference in Malaysia that sanctions against certain sectors of the Russian economy will be effective only if the US and the EU act together.
At least two killed in Ukraine explosion
Several people were also injured in the explosion which occurred in the eastern Ukrainian city of Luhansk.
KIEV - At least two people were killed and several injured on Monday in an explosion in Luhansk which separatists controlling the eastern Ukrainian city said was the result of an air strike by the Ukrainian military.
This was denied by the Kiev side, which said it was caused by separatists who had launched a heat-seeking rocket at a Ukrainian plane but the missile had zeroed in instead on the rebel-occupied regional administration building.
A video clip published by local people on a Russian social media page showed two bodies lying in parkland near the main regional building, one of them a woman.
The number of casualties is still being determined, but it is already known for sure that there are two dead,"a local health official, Pavel Malysh, told Interfax-Ukraine news agency.
Interfax quoted unnamed separatist sources as giving a higher death toll of five.
The video showed a man pumping the chest of a prone victim to resuscitate him while other people carried other casualties in makeshift stretchers made of blankets.
Malysh quoted eyewitnesses as saying more than 10 wounded had been taken to the main regional hospital.
Earlier, defence analyst Dmytro Tymchuk, who is seen as having reliable military sources, said Ukrainian security chiefs had begun a "full-scale operation to neutralise terrorist groups" in Luhansk.
Vladyslav Seleznyov, a spokesman for the operation against the separatists, denied there had been any air strike against the regional administration offices.
But he acknowledged air strikes against two separatist checkpoints in Luhansk region.
We destroyed two checkpoints in Luhansk region.
When the plane was turning back, they (the separatists) tried to shoot it down.
A heat-seeking device was launched but it turned out that it fell on the fighters themselves and destroyed part of the wall of the administration building," he told Ukrainska Pravda online newspaper.
Separatists had fired the missile from the roof of the state security building they are occupying but it homed in on the main administration building, also held by the rebels, a senior military official, Aleksander Rozmaznin, was quoted by Interfax as saying.
Ukraine's eastern region has been riven with separatist armed rebellion for the past two months which the Kiev government says is provoked by Russia.
It says fighters from Russia are fighting alongside rebels against Kiev.
The Russian Foreign Ministry called the Luhansk incident an air strike.
The authorities in Kiev have committed another crime against their own people," a statement on the ministry's website said.
Ukraine Opposition Vows To Continue Struggle After Yanukovych Offer
Ukrainian opposition leaders have vowed to continue their struggle hours after President Viktor Yanukovych offered them two senior posts to defuse a widening crisis.
Addressing supporters on January 25 in Kyiv, Vitali Klitschko repeated opposition calls for snap presidential elections and changes to the constitution.
Arseniy Yatsenyuk said the opposition was ready to take on responsibility but added the "people will determine the power in Ukraine." 
Earlier, Yanukovych offered Yatsenyuk the post of prime minister and Klitschko the post of deputy prime minister for humanitarian affairs to defuse protests that are now spreading from Kyiv to other parts of the country.
Yanukovych also agreed to consider changes to the constitution, which currently gives most powers to the president.
We are not throwing out the proposal, but we are not accepting it, either.
We are conducting serious consultations among three opposition forces," Yatsenyuk said later at a news conference in Kyiv.
To be honest we were not happy about the proposal.
I am perfectly aware about what is going on in the country now.
The country is on the verge of bankruptcy.
They've robbed the country in the past three and a half years to the extent that the treasury is empty.
The country has been driven by them into total chaos.
And that's why they want to escape responsibility and are waiting to hear from us," Yatsenyuk explained.
He also said the opposition would demand the government sign a free trade agreement with the European Union and free political prisoners, including former Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko.
According to the AP news agency, the assault on Ukrainian House started after an estimated 200 police were seen entering the building and speculation spread that they were preparing to disperse demonstrators.
The protesters later in the night formed a corridor on the steps of the building to allow security forces inside to leave.
According to the AFP news agency, all had left over a few hours.
During a visit to Warsaw on January 25, European Union President Herman Van Rompuy condemned the "use of force and brutality by the Ukrainian authorities against demonstrators.
Earlier, Ukrainian authorities confirmed one more antigovernment protester has died as a tense standoff between protesters and riot police continues in Kyiv and unrest spreads throughout the country.
Kyiv's city health department said the man died on January 25 of injuries sustained in violent clashes earlier this week.
His death brings to four the number of confirmed fatalities since violent clashes began in the capital six days ago.
Also on January 25, Human Rights Watch (HRW) released a statement saying it was "gravely concerned" about the life and safety of missing activist Dmytro Bulatov, who has been a prominent figure in antigovernment protests.
The rights organization said Bulatov told his wife he was going to a meeting at 7 p.m. local time on January 23.
That was the last contact anyone had with him.
Friends and relatives said his cell phone ceased working the next morning and his car is missing.
HRW cites another opposition activist as saying Bulatov had been receiving threatening text messages for weeks.
Meanwhile, the situation was mostly calm in Kyiv early on January 25 after sporadic clashes overnight.
Protesters occupied the Energy Ministry building, but left after several hours.
Police accused protesters of holding two police officers captive in Kyiv's city hall which protesters have occupied, and demanded their immediate release.
Protesters deny they are holding the officers.
A protester shouts to riot police in front of a barricade during an antigovernment protest in downtown Kyiv.
Interior Minister Vitaliy Zakharchenko said efforts to end the crisis peacefully without the use of force remain "futile.
Zakharchenko accused the mainstream opposition of failing to control radicals and claimed protesters were "hoarding firearms" at the Kyiv city hall.
However, in an exclusive interview with the Russian news agency ITAR-TASS, Ukraine's Defense Minister Pavel Lebedev ruled out using the country's military to resolve the protests.
The army will strictly follow the constitution and laws of Ukraine that clearly lay out its role, functions and tasks," Lebedev said on January 26.
He also rejected claims that the military would intervene in the current conflict, calling such comments "provocations.
Meanwhile, Ukraine's richest man, Rinat Akhmetov -- a key backer of President Viktor Yanukovych -- has said the use of force was "unacceptable.
On January 25, protesters stormed the regional administration offices in the town of Vinnytsia, southwest of Kyiv.
Protesters are already occupying government offices in several cities in western Ukraine.
Outside the country, Pope Francis has called for an end to violence in Ukraine and urged "constructive dialogue" between Ukraine's authorities and the people.
I am close to Ukraine in prayer, in particular to those who have lost their lives in recent days and to their families," he said on January 26.
The pontiff appealed for the "spirit of peace and search for the common good" to prevail in Ukraine.
EU Enlargement Commissioner Stefan Fuele, in Kyiv to try to mediate a solution, urged the government to take concrete steps to halt the violence.
Fuele met on January 24 with both Yanukovych and the three main opposition leaders.
Yanukovych has promised to reshuffle his government, an amnesty for detained protesters, and amendments to laws restricting protests whose passing last week triggered the recent clashes.
But he also said on January 24 he would use all legal measures to end protests.
First of all, I don't want people to be frozen in the streets.
They suffer and they don't know how to get out of this situation.
And I will repeat myself -- if we can do it in a good way to stop the radicals we will, if not, we will use all measures under the law.
But it's all for the people.
There is no other way," Yanukovych said.
The opposition had dismissed Yanukovych's promises and wants him to resign.
Opposition leader Vitali Klitschko said "to change just the ministers in not enough.".
 "People want to change the rules because they are already tired of living without rules.
Everybody is saying 'no.'
 You can buy any court, you can't find justice in our country.
The system is totally corrupt.
And that is why people right now are not happy," Klitschko said.
The antigovernment protests began after Yanukovych unexpectedly pulled back from a long-negotiated agreement on closer ties with the European Union in late November.
They have been fueled by what activists say is widespread government corruption, abuse of power, and the violation of human rights.
Pushing locals aside, Russians take top rebel posts in east Ukraine
KIEV/DONETSK Ukraine (Reuters) - As Ukrainian troops gained ground in eastern Ukraine in early July, separatist leader, Aleksander Borodai, a Russian national, left for Moscow for political consultations.
Vladimir Antyufeyev, deputy prime minister of the self-proclaimed Donetsk People's Republic, listens during an interview with a Reuters journalist in Donetsk July 25, 2014.
After what he described as successful talks with unnamed people there, he returned to the rebel stronghold of Donetsk to introduce a new senior figure in his self-proclaimed republic, a compatriot seasoned in the pro-Russian separatist movement in Moldova and a war between Russia and Georgia.
Vladimir Antyufeyev was named “deputy prime minister” by Borodai on July 10, one of several native Russians to have taken charge of the separatist rebellion in Ukraine’s eastern regions.
Joining Borodai and rebel commander Igor Strelkov, Antyufeyev’s arrival underlines a change at the top of the separatist movement, highlighting Moscow’s involvement in the conflict, Western officials say.
The Kremlin denies any involvement.
“There has been a dramatic change in the leadership of the Donetsk People’s Republic over the past weeks, which certainly gives the impression of a much more hands-on Russian directive role,” said Geoffrey Pyatt, the U.S. Ambassador to Kiev.
“These individuals are in regular touch with authorities in Russia.”
Ukrainian-born rebel leaders have been eased out, causing rifts among increasingly nervous separatists since a Malaysian airliner was downed over rebel-held territory just over a week ago.
Antyufeyev replaced Donetsk native, Alexander Khodakovsky, as the top security person in the self-proclaimed Donetsk People’s Republic.
Denis Pushilin, another local once titled the republic’s president, was dismissed.
Khodakovsky remains a top commander but has taken an increasingly independent line, telling Reuters that separatists had the type of anti-aircraft missile system that Washington says brought the plane down, killing all 298 people on board.
Borodai denied this assertion.
A Ukrainian official in the southern Azov Sea city port of Mariupol, which Kiev reclaimed from rebels last month, said Russians were taking over the entire rebel operation, sidelining or removing locals.
Antyufeyev, also known as Vadim Shevtsov, has a history of supporting pro-Russian separatist movements in the former Soviet Union, and brings a tough discipline and doggedness to the campaign in eastern Ukraine.
The balding, 63-year-old says he “fought national fascism” by supporting separatists in the pro-Russian region of Transdniestria in neighboring Moldova, and in the breakaway regions of South Ossetia and Abkhazia in Georgia.
At his new office at the separatists’ Donetsk headquarters, the Siberian-born Antyufeyev said he came to Ukraine because Russians were being killed by forces sent from Kiev.
 “I know what it is to fight for the rights of the people … I know what hot spots are,” he said in an interview.
A picture of Russian President Vladimir Putin looked down on the table where he sat.
Asked whether there were divisions among the rebels, Antyufeyev said: “I am the authority.
I have no problems… 
If they do not understand that, that’s their problem.
I am a professional in making (people) understand.”
He earned a fearsome reputation when he served in Transdniestria, which split from Moldova in 1990, as the head of security operations for 20 years.
Dismissed in 2012 when his ally was replaced as leader of the tiny sliver of land, he barricaded himself for three days in his study and refused to leave.
The EU first blacklisted Antyufeyev over his role in Transdniestria in 2004.
Though it later suspended that decision, it has now blacklisted him again over Ukraine, imposing assets freezes and a travel ban on him.
One person who had been questioned by Antyufeyev in Transdniestria on suspicion of spying for Moldova said he was a tenacious interrogator.
Speaking on condition of anonymity, for fear of reprisal, the person said Antyufeyev was “a professional”, capable of being sociable and polite, always rigidly following the chosen line.
With a smile on his face, Antyufeyev would exert moral pressure, the person said.
Oazu Nantoi, a Moldovan political analyst and expert on Transdniestria, predicted Antyufeyev would aim to further destabilize Donetsk and impede Kiev’s efforts to regain control.
“He is no romantic who came to fire a few shots.
He knows what his tasks are.
Just as he did in Transdniestria,” he said.
“Antyufeyev knows how to operate in such situations, how to suppress opposition and dissent… create an atmosphere of fear in which people will support any action by the separatists.”
Washington says the influx of Russians into the upper ranks of the separatists is matched by an increased number of heavy weaponry coming across the Russian border into Ukraine, a response to advances made by the Ukrainian army on the ground.
Though Borodai insists the separatists’ weaponry comes from depots they overran while seizing territory, he admits “volunteers” from Russia keep on reinforcing the rebels’ ranks.
He calls his Russian trio volunteers and says their presence in the Donetsk region, or Donbass, is proof of the Russian nation’s support for the separatists’ cause.
“The people of Donbass rose on their own.
It is normal and natural that we ended up heading this movement because of certain competences, our abilities,” he told a news conference in Donetsk earlier this month.
“There will be more and more people from Moscow in the DNR (Donetsk People’s Republic),” said Borodai, flanked by Strelkov and Antyufeyev.
The stout Borodai denies having ever worked for the Russian security services though admits knowing many people there because of his past work as a “professional political expert.”
He and Strelkov say they first met in 1996 in the Russian region of Chechnya, where Moscow has waged two wars against Islamist separatists since 1994.
Borodai says Strelkov has long been his “very good acquaintance”.
Both said they served in Transdniestria and, more recently, in Crimea.
The West says they were aides to the pro-Russian separatist leader of the Black Sea peninsula who was instrumental in Moscow’s annexation earlier this year.
The two are on both the EU and U.S. sanctions list.
Kiev and the European Union say Strelkov, whose real name is Igor Girkin, in fact served in Russia’s GRU military intelligence.
Strelkov says he served at the rank of colonel in Russia’s FSB security service until quitting at the end of March, and has had battlefield experience in Transdniestria, in Bosnia’s conflict and in both Chechen wars.
While he commanded rebel forces in Slaviansk, the town became a citadel of fierce resistance where at least two Ukrainian military helicopters and one warplane were brought down, giving him a hero status among separatists.
Abandoning Slaviansk to Kiev’s troops on July 4-5 has, however, dented his reputation and upset some rebels.
Strelkov’s acquaintances and former colleagues say he developed a reputation as an uncompromising idealist while with the FSB, though his “difficult” character may have been behind what they say was in fact his dismissal from the service.
They say the ouster of Ukraine’s former, Moscow-allied president Viktor Yanukovich and Kiev’s pivot to the West was a turning point for him.
An acquaintance in Moscow, speaking on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity, said Strelkov was outraged by the events in Kiev and believed Russia must not lose Ukraine.
The acquaintance added that Strelkov knew Borodai in Moscow and the two helped one another in business.
Strelkov left his home in a Moscow suburb in February traveling to Crimea where he occupied the regional parliament along with other fighters shortly before Russia annexed the predominantly ethnic Russian region.
He said people he had known from Crimea then asked him to come to eastern Ukraine.
According to his former colleagues at the FSB, successor to the Soviet KGB, one of his favorite books was the Soviet-era science fiction novel “Hard to be God” - a tale of an agent on a mission to a different planet.
Chechens join Ukraine fight against Russian-backed separatists
Kremlin opponents based in Ukraine are planning how they can to topple Putin
“Who asked for a selfie with Adam?” Amina Okuyeva wrote on Facebook last month, next to a picture of her with husband Adam Osmayev.
“It’s basically just an ordinary, everyday photo.”
But the snapshot, like the couple’s life, is somewhat unusual.
Clad in camouflage and carrying Kalashnikovs and grenade launchers, Osmayev and Okuyeva are pictured somewhere in eastern Ukraine, where they are among a growing number of Chechens now fighting Russian-backed separatists.
Moreover, the photo was taken just days after Osmayev’s release from jail in Odessa, where he had been held for nearly three years on suspicion of plotting to blow up Russian president Vladimir Putin – charges that were eventually quashed.
“If Ukraine loses this war it will be regarded as a victory for the Russian empire.
But if Ukraine wins it will bring freedom for Chechnya and for Russia itself much closer,” Osmayev told The Irish Times by phone from the front line.
“And we are ready to fight to the end.”
For many Ukrainians, last winter’s revolution was ultimately a struggle to end centuries of Russian domination; and Moscow’s furious, bloody and costly reaction to Kiev’s westward tilt revealed the strength of Putin’s hostility towards it.
Now opponents of the Kremlin’s increasingly authoritarian rule – from Chechen rebels to veteran liberal activists – are not only drawing inspiration from Ukraine but making the war-ravaged, near-bankrupt state the base from which they hope to topple Putin’s regime.
Osmayev joined an “international peacekeeping battalion” founded by Isa Munayev, who was a military leader in Chechnya during de-facto independence in the late 1990s, before Putin reasserted Moscow’s control over the region with a second war in a decade.
Munayev arrived in Ukraine this year from Denmark, where he heads a Chechen diaspora group.
His battalion includes dozens of Chechens as well as other foreigners and Ukrainians.
“But this isn’t just a military effort,” Okuyeva said, wearing a camouflage headscarf and sipping tea in a café in Kiev, during leave from the front line.
“In Ukraine we can create an information platform, because the media is free.
We can say what we like and be heard.
In Russia it’s impossible to have such a platform – from here we can tell the whole world what is happening in Russia.”
As Putin’s allies continue to turn the screw on media, civil society and political groups that criticise him, so Okuyeva expects more Russian dissidents to move to Ukraine.
Olga Kurnosova, a familiar face and strident voice at Russian opposition rallies for more than a decade, is already here.
She arrived in Ukraine from Moscow in October, having been warned by a trusted contact that Russian police were planning to arrest and frame her on some trumped-up charge.
She grabbed a few essentials, told friends on a phone she thought was bugged that she was leaving for St Petersburg, and instead travelled by minibus to Belarus.
At Minsk airport she waited until the last possible moment to buy a ticket for fear she would be stopped from leaving, then boarded a flight for Kiev.
“I held my breath until that plane took off,” she said.
Kurnosova was arrested countless times at protest rallies in Russia, spending many nights in police cells, since the days 20 years ago when she was on St Petersburg city council and Putin worked in the mayor’s office.
He was such a “dull, insignificant” figure that she has few strong memories of the man whose regime she accuses of driving her from homeland, along with more than 100 other Kremlin critics whom she said have recently relocated from Russia to Ukraine.
“It’s impossible to change things in Russia through elections now and by taking part you are only legitimising the corrupt system,” Kurnosova said.
“We should form an opposition abroad, linking groups in Ukraine with Russian communities in places like the Baltic states and Moldova so that, when the time comes, we have a transparent, functioning system to put in place [in Russia].”
Kurnosova sets no store by Putin’s huge approval ratings, saying most Russians dare to give pollsters only “politically correct” answers.
She thinks the country’s elite could turn on the president if his policies expose them to sustained financial pain.
“There is a feeling of panic in the elite already.
They have no ideology – it’s all about money – and if they think they could keep their wealth by getting rid of Putin, they might do it.
“If they alter their trajectory, it may be possible to change Russia without bloodshed,” Kurnosova added, “but I only give that a 5 per cent chance.”
For Kurnosova, like most of her compatriots and for world leaders, the idea of Russia collapsing into bloody chaos is the stuff of nightmares.
For the 250,000 or so Chechens now living abroad after fleeing war with Russia, however, such a scenario may seem like the only way to finally win independence and return home.
“The last war of the Russian empire is happening here in Ukraine, which is an outpost or a fortress of European civilisation against Russia,” Okuyeva said.
“When Russia loses, it will break up, and the Urals, Siberia and Chechnya and the North Caucasus will be free.”
On the front line, Osmayev said “thousands” of Chechens in Europe would fight for Ukraine if Kiev legalised their status and gave them citizenship.
For now, Okuyeva added, most of the Chechens on Ukraine’s side are acting as advisers to the country’s military and volunteer battalions.
The separatists in eastern Ukraine have their own warriors from Chechnya, loyal to its Kremlin-backed warlord Ramzan Kadyrov, including a “death battalion” with orders to capture or kill Chechens fighting for Kiev.
“We see messages online saying they are looking for us and we have information that they are active here,” Osmayev said, confirming that enemies from Russia’s bloodiest domestic conflict were now hunting each other in eastern Ukraine.
“We are looking for them too,” he added.
“We are trying to make sure we get them first.”
+Live updates on Ukraine's spreading unrest+ 
A number of people have died in Ukraine's southern port city of Odessa, as pro-Moscow and pro-Kyiv demonstrators face off there.
19:31 - Two Ukrainian soldiers have been killed in renewed fighting in the eastern city of Slovyansk, according to the AFP news agency.
18:56 - At least 31 people have died in a fire at a trade union building in Odessa's city center, according to Ukraine's interior ministry.
The ministry had initially given a higher tally, of 38.
The attack appears to have targeted separatists.
18:15 - At least four people have been killed in street clashes between Pro-Moscow and Pro-Kyiv activists in Odessa, according to Reuters news agency, citing local police.
17:20 - Pro-Russian separatists headquarters on fire in Odessa, as shown in this tweet from ABC News Foreign Correspondent Muhammad Lila.
15:20 - Five NATO warships have arrived in the Lithuanian port of Klaipeda to bolster the transatlantic alliance's defense of the Baltic states, according to the AFP news agency.
The NATO deployment comes amid rising tensions with Russia over the crisis in Ukraine.
14:24 - US Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel has called on NATO members to increase their defense spending.
The US has already deployed additional aircraft and military personnel to NATO allies in Eastern Europe amid aggression from Moscow toward Kyiv.
We cannot take for granted - even in Europe - that peace is underwritten by the credible deterrent of military power," Hagel said, according to pre-released remarks set to be delivered later on Friday.
14:08 - One protester has been shot dead in Odessa, according to local police.
The incident occurred during violent counter rallies between pro-Russian and pro-Kyiv protesters in the Ukrainian port city.
Demonstrators were reportedly pelting each other with petrol bombs, cobblestones and other explosive devices.
This video posted by a number of users on Twitter reportedly shows Friday's unrest in Ukraine.
13:21 - Ukraine's Foreign Ministry has rejected Russian accusations that Kyiv broke the Geneva peace deal by launching a military operation in Slovyansk.
In a press release, the Foreign Ministry accused Moscow of supporting "terrorist groups" in eastern Ukraine.
The ministry said that Kyiv was ready to negotiate with Russia to find a solution to the crisis.
The Geneva peace deal - negotiated by the European Union, Russia, Ukraine and the United States - had called for all illegal armed groups to surrender their weapons and to vacate occupied government buildings.
13:17 - Russian Energy Minister Alexander Novak has warned Kyiv that energy giant Gazprom could restrict gas supplies to Ukraine, if the country fails to make prepayments for deliveries by the end of May.
12:40 - Pro-Russian rebels detained three teams of Western journalists for several hours on Friday in eastern Ukraine, according to the AFP news agency.
Journalists with US broadcaster CBS News, Britain's Sky News, and the US news website Buzzfeed were detained at checkpoints as they tried to enter the city of Slovyansk.
Clarissa Ward with CBS News said that she was blindfolded and her news team was split up and taken to different locations.
A male member of the team was beaten by pro-Russian gunmen, Ward said.The detained journalists have all been released.
11:27 - EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton has said it is "vital that we see occupations of buildings reduced," in Ukraine.
10:55 - Russia's Foreign Ministry has called on Western powers to give up their "destructive" policy on Ukraine.
As we repeatedly warned, the use of the army against one's own people is a crime and is leading Ukraine towards catastrophe," the ministry said in a statement.
10:32 - Speaking on Rossiya 24 television, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov called on Europe and the United States to assess the situation in Slovyansk where "aviation is being used against the population," according to the report.
He said Kyiv will inevitably be held responsible for making the decision to launch a "punitive operation" in southeast Ukraine, "first of all by its people.
10:00 - German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier has called on pro-Russian rebels to release a group of international observers being held in eastern Ukraine.
The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) observers have been held since April 25.
He made the comments after meeting with OSCE chairman Didier Burkhalter in Switzerland.
09:20 - Pro-Russian separatists have reportedly seized the control center for Donetsk railways in eastern Ukraine.
The Reuters news agency quoted a spokesman for the Donetsk railway saying the rebels had taken the command post and that all electricity has been cut.
Donetsk lies 110 kilometers (70 miles) south of Slovyansk.
Meanwhile, the DPA news agency has quoted a spokesperson for the pro-Russian activists saying Ukrainian government forces have taken the train station in Slovyansk.
08:38 - Russian President Vladimir Putin's spokesperson has said that Kyiv's "punitive operation" in southeast Ukraine has destroyed the final hope for a Geneva peace deal aimed at de-escalating the crisis.
Peskov also said the Kremlin has sent an envoy to Ukraine's southeast to negotiate the release of the detained OSCE observers.
08:29 - A spokesperson for the separatists, Stella Khorosheva, has told the AP news agency that a pro-Russian activist was killed and another injured in an attack by Ukrainian forces on roadblocks outside Slovyansk.
07:14 - Ukraine's Defense Ministry has said two Mi-24 military helicopters were shot down and their pilots killed, raising the death toll to two.
Authorities say the pro-Moscow separatists used shoulder-launched anti-aircraft missiles to bring down the helicopters.
05:59 - Ukraine's interim Interior Minister Arsen Avakov has confirmed that government forces launched a military operation in Slovyansk just before dawn on Friday.
He said a pilot was killed after separatists used anti-aircraft missiles to shoot down a military helicopter in the city.
Against Ukraine's special forces, terrorists used heavy artillery, including grenade launchers and portable anti-aircraft missile launchers," Avakov posted on his Facebook page.
He also warned local residents to stay indoors and keep away from windows.
The operation is the Ukrainian military's first significant response since it launched an "anti-terrorist" operation in early April.
04:07 - The self-declared mayor of Slovyansk, Vyacheslav Ponomaryov, was quoted by Russia's Interfax news agency as saying two Ukrainian military helicopters were shot down.
He said one pilot was killed and another taken hostage.
03:31 - Reports of a "large-scale operation" by Ukrainian forces to capture the eastern city of Slovyansk are reported by pro-Russian separatists.
Heavy gunfire and blasts have been heard on the city's outskirts and a helicopter was seen opening fire.
The city of around 100,000 residents has been a stronghold for pro-Russian separatists who control dozens of government buildings across Ukraine's east.
Slovyansk is 160 kilometers (100 miles) west of Russia.
Ukraine parliament removes Yanukovich, who flees Kiev in "coup
KIEV (Reuters) - Ukraine's parliament voted on Saturday to remove President Viktor Yanukovich from office, hours after he abandoned his Kiev office to protesters and denounced what he described as a coup.
The apparent toppling of the pro-Russian leader looks likely to dramatically alter the future of the former Soviet republic of 46 million people, pulling it closer to Europe and away from Moscow's orbit.
It is also a stark reversal for Russian President Vladimir Putin's dream of recreating as much as possible of the Soviet Union in a new Eurasian Union, in which Moscow had counted on Yanukovich to deliver Ukraine as a central member.
The Ukrainian parliament, which decisively abandoned Yanukovich after loyalists defected, declared the president constitutionally unable to carry out his duties and set an early election for May 25.
Deputies in the assembly stood, applauded and sang the national anthem.
In a television interview shortly beforehand, which the station said was conducted in the eastern city of Kharkiv, Yanukovich said he would not resign or leave the country, and called decisions by parliament "illegal".
The events witnessed by our country and the whole world are an example of a coup d'etat," he said, comparing it to the rise of the Nazis to power in Germany in the 1930s.
He said he had come under fire.
My car was shot at.
I am not afraid.
I feel sorrow for my country," he told UBR television.
Despite his defiance, the dismantling of his authority seemed all but complete with his cabinet promising a transition to a new government, the police declaring themselves behind the protesters and his jailed arch adversary expected to go free.
Among a series of acts aimed at removing his government, parliament voted to free jailed former prime minister Yulia Tymoshenko.
Her daughter said Tymoshenko was already free under Ukrainian law but still in the hospital where she has been held for treatment.
The newly-installed interior minister declared that the police now stood with demonstrators they had fought for days, when central Kiev became a war zone with 77 people killed.
At the president's headquarters, Ostap Kryvdyk, who described himself as a protest commander, said some protesters had entered the offices but there was no looting.
We will guard the building until the next president comes," he told Reuters.
Yanukovich will never be back.
The grounds of Yanukovich's residence outside Kiev were also being guarded by "self-defence" militia of protesters.
RESPONSIBLE TRANSFER OF POWER
The cabinet of ministers and ministry of finance are working normally," the cabinet said in a statement.
The current government will provide a fully responsible transfer of power under the constitution and legislation.
Polish Foreign Minister Radoslaw Sikorski, who had negotiated concessions from Yanukovich with other European foreign ministers in a deal on Friday, tweeted: "No coup in Kiev.
Gov. buildings got abandoned.
Speaker of Rada (parliament) elected legally.
Military and police leaders said they would not get involved in any internal conflict.
The interior ministry responsible for the police said it served "exclusively the Ukrainian people and fully shares their strong desire for speedy change".
The organs of the Interior Ministry have crossed to the side of the protesters, the side of the people," new Interior Minister Arsen Avakov told Ukraine's Channel 5 TV.
Yanukovich, who enraged much of the population by turning away from the European Union to cultivate closer relations with Russia three months ago, made sweeping concessions in the deal brokered by European diplomats on Friday after days of pitched fighting in Kiev that saw police snipers gun down protesters.
But the deal, which called for early elections by the end of the year, was not enough to satisfy pro-Europe demonstrators on Independence Square, known as the Maidan, or "Euro-Maidan", who want Yanukovich out immediately in the wake of the bloodletting.
On Saturday, the speaker of parliament, a Yanukovich loyalist, resigned and parliament elected Oleksander Turchynov, a close ally of Tymoshenko, as his replacement.
Today he left the capital," opposition leader Vitaly Klitschko, a retired world heavyweight boxing champion, told an emergency session of parliament about the president.
Millions of Ukrainians see only one choice - early presidential and parliamentary elections.
Two protesters in helmets stood at the entrance to the president's Kiev office.
Asked where state security guards were, one, Mykola Voloshin, said: "I'm the guard now.
POSSIBLE TYMOSHENKO COMEBACK
The release of Tymoshenko, expected soon, would transform Ukraine by giving the opposition a single leader and potential future president, though Klitschko and others also have claims.
She was jailed by a court under Yanukovich over a natural gas deal with Russia she arranged while serving as premier.
The EU had long considered her a political prisoner, and her freedom was one of the main demands it had for closer ties with Ukraine during years of negotiations that ended when Yanukovich abruptly turned towards Moscow in November.
According to Ukrainian law my mum is already a free person," daughter Yevgenia Tymoshenko told reporters, saying she was on her way to meet her mother in Kharkiv where she has been held in hospital under treatment for back pain.
A spokeswoman for Tymoshenko, 53, said that although the moves in parliament already made her a free woman, she had not yet been released or left the secure hospital.
Underscoring Ukraine's regional divisions, leaders of Russian-speaking eastern provinces loyal to Yanukovich voted to challenge anti-Yanukovich steps by the central parliament.
Eastern regional bosses meeting in Kharkiv - the city where Yanukovich had apparently sought refuge - adopted a resolution saying parliament's moves "in such circumstances cause doubts about their … legitimacy and legality.
Until the constitutional order and lawfulness are restored ...
we have decided to take responsibility for safeguarding the constitutional order, legality, citizens' rights and their security on our territories.
Kharkiv Governor Mikhaylo Dobkin told the meeting: "We're not preparing to break up the country.
We want to preserve it.
In Russia, Mikhail Margelov, head of the foreign policy committee of the upper house of parliament, said the Kharkiv meeting proved "that the Maidan and the opposition, let alone the militants, are not the majority of the Ukrainian people.
But the head of the foreign affairs committee in Russia's lower house, Alexei Pushkov, seemed to acknowledge that Yanukovich's rule was finished.
He fled.
Security fled.
Staff fled," Pushkov said.
A sad end to the president.
With borders drawn up by Bolshevik commissars, Ukraine has faced an identity crisis since independence.
It fuses territory integral to Russia since the Middle Ages with former parts of Poland and Austria annexed by the Soviets in the 20th century.
In the country's east, most people speak Russian.
In the west, most speak Ukrainian and many despise Moscow.
The past week saw central state authority vanish altogether in the west, where anti-Russian demonstrators seized government buildings and police fled.
Deaths in Kiev cost Yanukovich the support of wealthy industrialists who previously backed him.
Putin had offered Kiev $15 billion (9 billion pounds) in aid after Yanukovich spurned an EU trade pact in November for closer ties with Moscow.
The fate of those funds is now unclear.
Washington, which shares Europe's aim of luring Ukraine towards the West, took a back seat in talks, its absence noteworthy after a U.S. official was recorded on an unsecured telephone line disparaging EU diplomacy with an expletive.
Latest from OSCE Special Monitoring Mission (SMM) to Ukraine based on information received as of 27 September 2015 - OSCE
The SMM monitored the implementation of the “Package of measures for the implementation of the Minsk agreements”.
Its monitoring was restricted by the parties and security considerations*.
The situation remained largely calm in the Donetsk and Luhansk regions with only sparse ceasefire violations recorded by the SMM.
 The SMM observed considerable queues of civilian vehicles waiting at checkpoints to cross both into government-controlled and non-government controlled areas.
The SMM recorded a small number of ceasefire violations in the Donetsk region, where the security situation was otherwise relatively calm.
At the Joint Centre for Control and Co-ordination (JCCC) observation point at “Donetsk People’s Republic” (“DPR”)-controlled Donetsk railway station (8km north-west of Donetsk city centre), the SMM recorded on 26 September three instances of ceasefire violations between 11:28 and 13:34hrs.
[1] The Ukrainian Armed Forces representatives at the JCCC present at the observation point suggested the explosions were likely part of “DPR” training activities.
On 27 September the SMM heard six explosions consistent with outgoing mortar or artillery fire, as well as small-arms and heavy-machine-gun fire some 1.5-2km east of its position at a filling station in government-controlled Opytne (61km north-east of Donetsk).
The SMM enquired with an employee at the filling station who said there was a Ukrainian Armed Forces firing range in the area.
In government-controlled Dzerzhynsk (41km north of Donetsk), the SMM talked on 26 September to the deputy commander of the Ukrainian Armed Forces battalion deployed to the area.
The interlocutor claimed that while the situation was calmer recently, his subordinates reported that “DPR” intelligence gathering and reconnaissance patrols in the area were contributing to a tense atmosphere.
On 26 September the SMM observed a convoy consisting of 15 cargo trucks marked as humanitarian convoy belonging to the Rinat Akhmetov Foundation, which was leaving “DPR”-controlled Donetsk city travelling freely through the “DPR” checkpoint in a southern direction.
The SMM also observed in Donetsk city five cargo trucks escorted by a “DPR” “military police” vehicle, moving west.
In government-controlled Marinka (23km south-west of Donetsk) the SMM talked to several interlocutors, who expressed a strong opinion about the need for Ukrainian Armed Forces to open a passage across the contact line for the residents from the nearby villages to travel on the Kurakhove-Donetsk route.
Following that the SMM discussed the issue with the civil-military co-operation officers of the Ukrainian Armed Forces in Marinka, who stated the Anti-Terrorist Operation Headquarters was considering the idea of opening the requested passage corridor.
The SMM spoke to shop-owners in government-controlled Krasnohorivka (21km west of Donetsk) who indicated that they had to acquire from the city administration a permit with the list of products they were bringing through government checkpoints, and that there was a limit for the amount of goods per crossing.
The deputy commander at the closest relevant government checkpoint near Heorhiivka (26km south-west of Donetsk) confirmed to the SMM that local businesses indeed had to obtain a permit in order to transport goods through the checkpoint.
On 26 September the SMM observed long lines of civilian vehicles at armed checkpoints waiting to cross both into governmental-controlled and “DPR”-controlled areas.
While driving on H20 highway the SMM recorded at a Ukrainian Armed Forces checkpoint near Berezove (31km south-west of Donetsk) a queue of 160 vehicles waiting to cross into government-controlled area.
Approaching a government checkpoint near government-controlled Volnovakha (52km south-west of Donetsk) the SMM noted 90 vehicles waiting to cross into the governmental-controlled area, and 432 vehicles queued to move north, into the “DPR”-controlled area.
At a checkpoint near government-controlled Maiorsk (44km north of Donetsk) the SMM counted 370 vehicles waiting to enter the government-controlled area, while 16 buses, 300 pedestrians, and 30 vehicles were queued to enter the “DPR”-controlled area.
At the government checkpoint near Zaitseve (50km north-east of Donetsk) the SMM observed at least 79 vehicles waiting to move into the “DPR”-controlled area and 373 vehicles waiting to travel into the government-controlled area.
At the “Shakhtarski Zori” health resort in Proletarskyi district of “DPR”-controlled Donetsk city, the SMM observed on 27 September a civilian mini-van with Russian Federation Krasnodar region licence plates.
The licence plate number was fixed on a factory-made frame carrying the Russian inscription “FSB of Russian Federation”.
As the SMM was about to depart from the facility, a male wearing the Russian new-style camouflage uniform without  any rank, insignia or patches, came out of the resort building and took a photograph or video of the leaving SMM vehicle, and made written notes.
The SMM observed an overall calm security situation in the Luhansk region with few ceasefire violations.
On 26 September, from a stationary position north of government-controlled Trokhizbenka (33km north-west of Luhansk), the SMM heard in short intervals a couple of small-arms shots, three undetermined explosions, and sounds of two outgoing 82mm mortar rounds.
All sounds were assessed as originating from the nearby Ukrainian Armed Forces military training area, and the SMM was informed in advance by Ukrainian Armed Forces that live-fire exercises would be conducted at this specific training facility.
During their interaction with the SMM both Ukrainian Armed Forces personnel and armed “Lugansk People’s Republic (“LPR”) members made mutual allegations of small-arms ceasefire violations.
“LPR” members told the SMM that they were targeted on 25 September in the area of “LPR”-controlled Pryshyb (33km north-west of Luhansk), and Krasnyi Lyman (30km north-west of Luhansk).
The Ukrainian Armed Forces interlocutors stated they came under fire at the checkpoint near government-controlled Troitske (69km west of Luhansk).
On 27 September the SMM enquired on prices and the availability of goods at two trading places in “LPR”-controlled Luhansk city.
While both markets were well equipped with food and sanitary items the SMM concluded that the cost of basic products increased by an average 5% during the month of September.
The SMM interlocutors at the markets claimed that the rise in prices was owed to the fact that they had to pay at the checkpoints for transporting the supplies into “LPR”-controlled areas.
The SMM observed that the Russian Rouble was used as the primary currency in the market transactions, rather than the Ukrainian Hryvnia.
The SMM monitored on 26 September a local ceasefire regime, through which it facilitated power line repair works near “LPR”-controlled Obozne (18km north of Luhansk).
The SMM heard two explosions occurring within an interval of three hours.
A repair worker of the electrical company informed the SMM that a member of the “LPR” demining team had been injured by an anti-personnel mine in the first explosion, and transported to the hospital.
The second explosion, according to the interlocutor, was a controlled detonation of unexploded ordnance (UXO) performed by the “LPR” demining team during the demining process that preceded the repairs.
The SMM re-visited on 26 September three “DPR” heavy weapons holding areas.
At one of the sites the “DPR” armed member on guard did not allow access to the SMM for 50 minutes, until receiving permission from his superiors.
One anti-tank gun (MT-12 Rapira , 10mm) was missing at this location.
On 27 September the SMM visited another two “DPR” heavy weapons holding areas.
At one of the sites the SMM recorded that two self-propelled howitzers (2S1 Gvozdika , 122mm) were missing.
At the second site the SMM observed two multiple launch rocket systems (MLRS, BM-21 Grad , 122mm) were missing, as they had been during the previous visit on 5 April (see SMM Daily Report 7 April ).
The SMM visited on the same day two Ukrainian Armed Forces heavy weapons holding areas, which were found empty.
The SMM had previously recorded eight self-propelled howitzers (2S3 Akatsiya , 152mm) at one site and four self-propelled howitzers (2S1) at the second.
The military commander present at the first site told the SMM that the weapons were redeployed to another specified location on the previous day.
At the second site the SMM learned from several civilian interlocutors that the military removed the weapons from the site a few days prior to the visit.
In violation of the respective withdrawal lines, the SMM unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) spotted 11 tanks (type unknown) in the area of “DPR”-controlled Sontseve (56km south-east of Donetsk).
The SMM observed military movement in areas beyond the respective withdrawal lines.
The SMM UAV observed on 26 September five tanks in the “DPR”-controlled area of Komsomolske (43km south-east of Donetsk).
Both on 26 and 27 September the SMM UAV spotted a concentration of at least 50 tanks and other military hardware in a training area south of “DPR”-controlled Torez (61km east of Donetsk).
On 26 September the SMM observed at least 36 tanks (type unknown) at the training area in “LPR”-controlled Kruhlyk (31km south-west of Luhansk).
A day earlier the SMM spotted at the same training area one heavy multiple launch thermobaric rocket system (TOS-1 Buratino , 220mm).
In the area of government-controlled Novookhtyrka (53km north-west of Luhansk)  the SMM noted a convoy consisting of three main battle tanks (T-72) transported on trailers, and one infantry fighting vehicle (IFV, BMP-2) moving east.
On 27 September the SMM noted a military convoy in the area of government-controlled Artemivsk (66km north-east of Donetsk), which contained six self-propelled howitzers (2S1), one armoured personnel carrier (APC), and one military truck transporting troops to a north-west direction.
Also on 27 September the SMM observed another convoy consisting of four IFVs (BMP), and three towed howitzers (D-30) moving north away from Artemivsk on the M03 highway.
On 27 September the SMM noted a convoy of six tracked APCs (type unknown) moving east, in the area of government-controlled Plotyna (28km north-east of Luhansk).
On the same day the SMM observed at the training area near “LPR”-controlled Uspenka (23km south-west of Luhansk) a number of heavy artillery pieces, including 12 towed howitzers (D-30, 122mm), and 13 self-propelled howitzers (2S1), an increase comparing to previous SMM observation (see SMM Daily Report 25 September ).
The SMM continued to monitor the situation at the crossing points to Crimea – Kalanchak, Chaplynka, and Chonhar (95, 90, and 162km south-east of Kherson , respectively) – which remained relatively calm and stable.
Activists randomly checked vehicles and drivers’ documents at their improvised check-points, which are now installed a few kilometres away from the three Ukrainian border guards crossing points.
At the activists’ improvised checkpoint some 2km away from the Kalanchak crossing point, a protester who introduced herself as the Pravyi Sektor’s Press Officer told the SMM that the vehicle drivers and passengers did not object to car searches when approached by activists, and “showed their understanding of the blockade”.
At Chonhar, another Pravyi Sektor activist told the SMM on 27 September that less than a quarter of the drivers passing the ‘blockade’ were contesting the activists’ efforts to conduct vehicle searches.
On 27 September the SMM followed up with the Odessa Security Service of Ukraine (SBU) and the Odessa regional police on the explosion that occurred at the headquarters of the Odessa SBU office earlier the same day.
The police confirmed that an unidentified explosive device in the equivalent of at least 5 kg of trinitrotoluene (TNT) had been placed near the back door of the SBU building and exploded at 04:45hrs.
The SBU interlocutor told the SMM that nobody had been injured in the detonation, and that an investigation had been initiated under the “terrorism” article of Ukraine’s Criminal Code.
The SMM continued to monitor the situation in Kharkiv , Dnepropetrovsk , Chernivtsi , Ivano-Frankivsk , Lviv and Kyiv .
*Restrictions on SMM monitoring, access and freedom of movement:
The SMM is restrained in fulfilling its monitoring functions by restrictions imposed by the parties and security considerations, including mine threats, and damaged infrastructure.
The security situation in Donbas is fluid and unpredictable and the ceasefire does not hold everywhere.
Self-imposed restrictions on movement into high-risk areas have impinged on SMM patrolling activities, particularly in some areas not controlled by the government.
Members of the “LPR” continue to prevent the SMM from monitoring in some areas close to the border with the Russian Federation .
Denied access: On 26 September the armed personnel at a “DPR” “traffic police” checkpoint stopped the SMM some 2km away from the Ternove shooting range, denying its passage without any explanation; On 27 September two “LPR” “border guards” stopped the SMM in “LPR”-controlled Velykyi Sukhodil (43km south-east of Luhansk), a town 1.5km away from the Ukraine-Russian Federation international border.
The “LPR” members denied the SMM any further movement without a permit signed by the “LPR” leadership, demanded the SMM to leave the area, and escorted it out of town.
Delayed access: During the visit of a “DPR” heavy weapons holding area on 26 September, the SMM was not allowed access to the site for 50 minutes, until the “DPR” guard received a phone call from his superior; The “DPR” armed members at a checkpoint near Ozeryanivka (32km north-east of Donetsk) delayed the SMM for 75 minutes, after which it only allowed its movement with an escort.
Interference with the UAV: On 27 September, while flying over “DPR”-controlled areas north-east of government-controlled Mariupol (103km south-west of Donestk) a SMM UAV was jammed four times.
Referendum day in Crimea's Simferopol
The organizers of the Crimean referendum are pleased with the high voter turnout.
It is seen as a beginning of the peninsula's unification with Russia.
Many voters in the capital Simferopol voted in favor of secession.
The beginning of the "historical day," as March 16 has been referred to in Crimea by those promoting the referendum to join the Russian Federation , didn't seem promising.
The previous night had been stormy and the morning saw rain over Simferopol, the capital of Crimea.
Ambiguity over voters and questions
But despite the rain, the members of the hastily convened local electoral commission had a lot to do.
The new leadership had given the commission exactly 10 days to organize the vote.
Meanwhile, the government in Kyiv refused to hand over the relevant voter registers to Simferopol.
We used the data from the last vote," said election chairman Mikhail Malyshev.
That is how they came up with the 1.5 million ballots that were printed for the referendum.
That's around one percent more than the number of voters," Malyshev adds.
The official explanation for that discrepancy is that if voters don't vote the way they had intended to, they could have a replacement ballot card.
Around 1.5 million ballots papers were printed for the referendum
There were two questions on the ballot papers.
Each question was printed in Russian, Ukrainian and Crimean Tatar, the languages of the biggest ethnic groups on the peninsula.
The first question was clear enough: "Are you in favor of Crimea being united with Russia as a subject of the Russian Federation?
The second question was about Crimea remaining part of Ukraine with a small change to its status: "Are you in favor of reinstating the 1992 version of the Crimean Republic's constitution and of Crimea's status as a part of Ukraine?
The wording was referring to a constitution that granted Crimea a broadly autonomous status.
It was written around the time of the fall of the Soviet Union but was abolished shortly after it was passed.
Against 'fascists' and for stability
Voters weren't given any clarification for the second question.
For more than a week now, Crimeans haven't been able to receive Ukrainian analogue television stations.
Russian stations are on air, however, and have been harshly criticizing the "nationalists" and "bandits" in Kyiv.
Crimean Igor voted in favor of secession
Ukraine has betrayed us to fascists, and that is why I voted to join Russia," explains one young man, who says his name is Igor.
An elderly couple - Arif, an Azeri, and Nina, a Russian - said they had voted for "more stability." 
They are in favor of Crimea joining Russia.
We all saw what was going on in Kyiv," Nina explained calmly.
Enthusiasm and caution
Alla, a 40-something-year-old head of a vocational school, is convinced that "historic justice should win" - this is why she has voted for Russia.
Crimea has always been Russian, she says.
Now she believes everything will be better, because Russia, as opposed to Ukraine, has a good leader, according to her.
Meanwhile, 36-year-old Andrey is more skeptical.
If Russia treats us like it does South Ossetia and Abkhazia, both of which have become poor, then we will put up resistance.
Gennady, a young computer engineer is one of the few here to say that he voted for Crimea staying in Ukraine.
The development in our country has shown that we now have more influence on those in power," he explained.
In Russia there's hardly any freedom.
Right-wing populist election observer
Johann Gudenus, member of parliament in Vienna and member of the right-wing populist Freedom Party in Austria, has a different view.
He is one of a couple of dozen European MEPs who have been invited as observers by the organizers of the referendum.
Most European politicians pander to the US, and the US often interpret international law how it suits them best," he told DW.
Gudenus only arrived in Crimea the day before the referendum.
I can only talk about what I've seen, and I can't see any evidence of pressure, propaganda or military influence.
Looking at the streets of Simferopol, though, you can see plenty of billboards in favor of secession of Ukraine.
There are no billboards at all against secession.
Plus, the military is clearly visible in the streets.
The organizers of the referendum were keen to avoid any kind of incident during the voting process.
The Russian band 'Lyube' held a concert in Lenin Square in the city-center.
The band is known for its patriotic songs.
Putin is said to be a fan.
Meanwhile, in a café near Lenin Square, a TV screen shows Robbie Williams singing Frank Sinatra's "My Way.
 This Sunday, Crimea is going to start finding its way.
Latest from the Special Monitoring Mission in Ukraine – based on information received up until 27 April 2014
Western and Central Ukraine, including Kyiv, as well the southern part of the country, remained calm.
The situation continued to be tense in the Luhansk region and particularly tense in the Donetsk region.
Two Special Monitoring Mission monitors were temporary detained by the so-called People’s Militia of Donbas in Yenakiveve (55 km northeast of Donetsk).
The situation in Sloviansk, where the military observers as well as accompanying Ukrainian military officers were taken captive, remains a source of concern.
In Kharkiv clashes between around 400 opponents and 500 to 600 supporters of a unitary Ukrainian state occurred.
Police attempts to prevent the clashes between the two groups proved to be unsuccessful.
Both protesting groups were joined by 15 to 20 cars with flags and people inside, some of them wearing masks.
Conflicting versions were conveyed to the monitors as to which group started the provocations when supporters from both sides encountered each other in the city.
The situation in Luhansk surrounding the occupied state security service (SBU) building remained relatively calm, despite reported movements of armed men around the area on 26 April.
The situation in Donetsk remained particularly tense due to the continuing presence of armed opponents of the central Government occupying and barricading administrative buildings in the region.
In Donetsk, leaflets by the so-called “People’s Republic of Donetsk” were distributed on 26 April, inviting citizens to participate in a referendum to be held on 11 May 2014 on the question of whether or not they support the proclamation of “state sovereignty” by the “Donetsk Peoples Republic”.
On 27 April, two members of the Donetsk Special Monitoring Mission team were detained by a group of unarmed men at around 11.15 in Yenakiyeve (55 km northeast of Donetsk).
They claimed to be part of the so-called People’s Militia of Donbas, which refuses to recognize the legitimacy of the central government.
The monitors were taken afterwards to the City Administration building.
The Special Monitoring Mission Head of Office in Kyiv reached out to the capturers and sent a letter re-confirming the identity of the monitors.
The monitors were allowed to return to Donetsk around 14:45.
At the same time, another Special Monitoring Mission team, upon receiving permission to enter the heavily barricaded police building in Horlivka (43 northeast of Donetsk), was approached by five heavily armed and partly masked individuals.
The monitors were cross-examined, accused of espionage and held for a short period of time.
After a brief discussion with the occupants, the team was able to leave the scene.
The Special Monitoring Mission also visited and observed a small, unmanned roadblock in Horlivka.
The general situation around Makiyivka Administration building was assessed as quiet and stable.
The teams noticed five different flags flying at half-mast: a Donetsk Republic, a Makiyivka, a  Soviet Airborne forces, a St. George and a Donbas People’s Militia flag.
In front of the back entrance, there were six unarmed men, four of whom were wearing uniforms with no insignia.
Around 11:20, the team arrived in Khartzysk (30 km east of Donetsk).
The administration building was open with a passable barricade surrounding it.
The general situation at the scene was calm.
Also in Maryinka (34 km west of Donetsk) and Novohrodivka (56 km northwest of Donetsk) the security situation was assessed as calm and stable.
The team noticed several roadblocks in the area, one of which was manned by representatives of the self-proclaimed Republic of Donetsk in camouflage clothing.
The situation has remained calm in Dnepropetrovsk.
According to the Deputy Head of the “Right Sector”, whom the team met, the decision to move the headquarters of the organization to Dnepropetrovsk aimed at facilitating faster and more effective support to the Ukrainian forces in repelling possible attacks by armed opponents of the central government.
To date, around 300 “Right Sector” activists have moved to Dnepropetrovsk from other regions.
The general situation remained largely unchanged in Kherson, Mykolaiv and the surrounding area.
In Mykolaiv and in the region the team observed bolstering of the existing checkpoints with additional sandbags and tires.
Also, more police wearing body armour as well as civil defence volunteers were observed in the area.
In Odessa the situation at both the “7th Kilometre” and “2 Stolba” checkpoints at the main road junctions west of the city was calm following the explosion incident on 25 April at the “7th Kilometre” checkpoint.
 Armed traffic police (around the “7th Kilometre checkpoint”) and police (around the “2 Stolba” checkpoint) appeared to be more active in monitoring traffic around them.
Several public meetings and gatherings in the city organized by different parties were held without major incidents.
The overall situation in Chernivtsi, Ivano-Frankivsk , Lviv as well as in Kyiv was calm.
The Chernivtsi team visited the border post in Porubne, where it observed co-operation between the border police and the local citizens belonging to the “Public Formation” volunteer group, composed of local residents.
The Kyiv monitors met with Pavlo Hubariev (in Russian: Pavel Gubariev), self-proclaimed Donetsk governor, who had been detained in Donetsk on 6 March.
Hubariev stated that he had obtained sufficient legal assistance.
However, he complained about initial harassment by the staff of the detention facility, which had ceased after the public was informed.
Since 17 April he is on a hunger strike, which he intends to continue until the situation in eastern Ukraine changes.
Direct Line with Vladimir Putin
The annual special Direct Line with Vladimir Putin was broadcast live by Channel One, Rossiya-1 and Rossiya-24 TV channels, and Mayak, Vesti FM and Radio Rossii radio stations.
Especially popular in the course of the discussion were questions about Crimea, including the socioeconomic situation in Russia’s new regions – the Crimean Republic and Sevastopol, the development of Russia’s Black Sea Fleet, and the situation regarding the Crimean Tatars.
There were also questions about the situation in Ukraine, and the assessment of the developments in the southeast of the country.
The discussion also touched upon international issues, such as relations with the West and NATO, the deployment of US anti-missile defence systems in Europe, the situation with Transnistria, and economic issues related to the global oil and gas markets.
Vladimir Putin answered questions not only from citizens of Russia, but of other countries as well, for instance from experts of the Valdai Club from Germany, the US and Hungary, and a question from Edward Snowden.
Numerous questions dealing with the country’s life were raised, including those related to healthcare, housing and utility services, relief efforts following the largest ever flood in the Far East last year, prospects for the future use of Olympic facilities in Sochi, as well as ways of instilling patriotism, and building relations with the opposition.
There were also a few personal questions.
In the final part of the Direct Line, the President answered questions of his own choice.
During the live television broadcast that lasted 3 hours 54 minutes, the President responded to a total of 81 questions and appeals.
Direct line programme host Kirill Kleymenov: Good afternoon, You are watching Direct Line with President Vladimir Putin.
Here in the studio today are Maria Sittel and Kirill Kleymenov.
Direct line programme host Maria Sittel: Good afternoon, I could say that we are having today yet another conversation with Vladimir Putin, however the situation is different since the country we are talking to now has changed.
After waiting for 23 years, since the breakup of the Soviet Union, Crimea and Sevastopol have joined Russia.
For this reason, every question today will be directly or indirectly related to Crimea.
We will discuss a number of issues today, including healthcare, army, taxes, agriculture and, naturally, Ukraine.
There is no doubt that we’ll discuss developments in Ukraine’s southeast and the genocide that was unleashed in this region.
Ukraine is sliding into civil war.
Kirill Kleymenov: Our colleagues Olga Ushakova, Valeriya Korableva, Tatyana Stolyarova and Dmitry Shchugorev will assist us during today’s broadcast, while Tatyana Remizova and Anna Pavlova are working in the call and SMS processing centre.
I would like to remind you that you can watch us live on Channel One, as well as on Rossiya-1 and Rossiya-24 TV channels, and on Russia’s Public Television channel, where interpretation into sign language will be available for people with impaired hearing.
Radio listeners can join our conversation on Mayak, Vesti FM and Radio Rossii stations.
We are live with President Vladimir Putin.
Tatyana Remezova: Good afternoon, colleagues! Hello, Mr President.
Our call centre has been working for a week, and we will continue to take calls during the Direct Line broadcast.
You can call us at the toll-free number 8 (800) 200–4040 or send text messages to 04040.
There is a separate Moscow number, which is also toll free, for residents of the Republic of Crimea and Sevastopol: +7 (495) 539–2442.
People from other countries can call us at the number you can see on the screen.
Over the past eight days, our call centre has received over two million questions, or 17,500 per minute – we are definitely going to set a new record – and many callers just say, “Thank you for Crimea.”
Anna Pavlova: Good afternoon.
I’d like to remind you that this year you can send video questions to the President from your PC or any mobile device.
Our operators continue to accept your messages on the websites www.moskva-putinu.ru and москва-путину.рф.
There is still time to record and send your questions.
I’d like to tell you that this is the first time that this programme will be broadcast with a sign-interpreted version on our website.
These new options have been introduced to increase the audience.
Maria, Kirill, back to you.
Kirill Kleymenov: So, about Ukraine.
Events are unfolding there with an incredible and sometimes alarming speed.
Indeed, two months ago, during the Olympic Winter Games on February 17, no one thought that Crimea would reunite with Russia and that people in eastern Ukraine would stop armoured convoys sent from Kiev with their bare hands.
Mr Putin, the first question is perfectly obvious: What do you think about the events underway in the Lugansk and Donetsk regions?
President of Russia Vladimir Putin: Before I answer your question, I’d like to go back a little to review recent events in Ukraine.
As you know, President Yanukovych refused to sign the Association Agreement with the EU.
No, he did not refuse to sign it, but said that he could not sign it on the EU conditions, because it would dramatically worsen the socioeconomic situation in Ukraine and affect Ukrainians.
Yanukovych said that he needed more time to analyse the document and to discuss it together with Europeans.
This provoked public unrest that eventually culminated in an unconstitutional coup, an armed seizure of power.
Some liked it, and some did not.
People in eastern and southeastern regions of Ukraine were worried about their future and the future of their children, because they saw a rapid growth of nationalist sentiments, heard threats and saw that [the new authorities] wanted to invalidate some of the ethnic minorities’ rights, including the rights of the Russian minority.
On the other hand, this description is relative, because Russians are native persons in Ukraine.
But an attempt was made to invalidate all decisions regarding the use of the native language.
This alarmed people, of course.
What happened next?
Instead of starting a dialogue with these people, Kiev appointed new governors – oligarchs and billionaires – to these regions.
People are suspicious of oligarchs as it is.
They believe that they earned their riches by exploiting people and embezzling public property, and these oligarchs have been appointed to head their regions.
This only added to the public discontent.
People chose their own leaders, but what did the new government do to them? They were thrown into prison.
Meanwhile, nationalist groups did not surrender their weapons, but threatened to use force in the eastern regions.
In response, people in the east started arming themselves.
Refusing to see that something was badly wrong in the Ukrainian state and to start a dialogue, the government threatened to use military force and even sent tanks and aircraft against civilians.
It was one more serious crime committed by the current Kiev rulers.
I hope that they will see that they are moving into a deep hole, and that they are pulling their country along.
In this sense, the talks that will start today in Geneva are very important, because I believe that we should get together to think about ways out of this crisis and to offer people a real, not sham, dialogue.
The current Kiev authorities have travelled to the eastern regions, but who do they talk to there? They talk to their appointees.
There’s no need to go to Donbass for this, because they can summon them to Kiev for a meeting.
They should talk with people and with their real representatives, with those whom people trust.
They should release the arrested [opponents], help people to express their opinion in an organised manner, suggest new leaders and start a dialogue.
People in the eastern regions are talking about federalisation, and Kiev has at long last started talking about de-centralisation.
But what do they mean? To be able to understand what they mean, they should sit down at the negotiating table and search for an acceptable solution.
Order in the country can only be restored through dialogue and democratic procedures, rather than with the use of armed force, tanks and aircraft.
Kirill Kleymenov: So far the dialogue has started between diplomats: top diplomats from the United States, Russia, the European Union and Ukraine are meeting in Geneva at this very moment.
Russia is represented by Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov.
Could you outline Russia’s stance at the talks in just a few words?
Vladimir Putin: I just did exactly that.
We feel strongly that this should not be a sham dialogue between representatives of the authorities, but a dialogue with the people to find the compromise I was talking about.
Kirill Kleymenov: How would you respond to the statements coming from both Kiev and the West about Russia being behind the protests in eastern Ukraine, allegedly staged and financed by “Moscow’s hand”? They even claim that certain Russian armed units are there.
Vladimir Putin: Nonsense.
There are no Russian units in eastern Ukraine – no special services, no tactical advisors.
All this is being done by the local residents, and the proof of that is the fact that those people have literally removed their masks.
So I told my Western partners, “They have nowhere to go, and they won’t leave.
This is their land and you need to negotiate with them.”
Maria Sittel: I’m sure we’ll get back to the events in the southeast later in the course of this conversation.
Now let’s talk about Crimea and how you took the decision.
Putin 'deserves medal' for pushing Ukraine towards EU
A Ukrainian opposition leader jokingly said yesterday (29 August) that by staging a trade war against Ukraine, Russian President Vladimir Putin “deserved a medal” for boosting Kyiv's chances of signing its Association Agreement with the EU in November.
Arseniy Yatsenyuk, leader of the Batkivschchyna party of jailed former Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko, said that after the Vilnius Eastern Partnership summit on 28 and 29 November, when Ukraine is expected to sign its EU Association Agreement, he would ask that Putin be awarded for achieving this goal.
Yatseniuk and two other parliamentary opposition leaders, Vitali Klitschko (UDAR) and Oleh Tiahnybok (Svoboda), spoke to the Brussels press yesterday together with Enlargement and Neighbourhood Commissioner Štefan Füle.
“Russians have decided to make punitive actions against Ukraine,” Yatseniuk said, referring to the recently launched trade war against his country, which he said paved the way for Ukraine's EU integration.
“The Berlin wall fell more than 20 years ago, and there is no need to construct a new one.
But these guys in Moscow want to build it on the Ukrainian-EU border,” Yatseniuk said, speaking in English.
On 22 August, Russian President Vladimir Putin warned that Moscow may have to use protective measures should Ukraine sign a trade agreement with the EU.
Russia is pushing Ukraine to become part of its Customs Union, already joined by Belarus and Kazakhstan.
Brussels has made it clear that membership of the Customs Union and association status with the EU are incompatible.
Asked by EURACTIV if he thought that a recent document published by Zerkalo Nedeli, which appears to be a leaked Kremlin strategy to bring Ukraine back into Russia’s orbit, is genuine and if it should be taken seriously by EU leaders, Yatseniuk said:
“We are not the experts to determine the signature of this action plan.
But look at the actions the Russians are taking and look at the language of this document.
They are similar.
It seems to me that this action plan is quite authentic,” Yatseniuk said.
Russia’s ‘action plan’?
The  14-page document , the authenticity of which cannot be verified, says that the eventual membership of Ukraine to the Russian-sponsored Customs Union would bring additional trade exchange to the volume of $9 billion (€6.7 billion), while the proposed EU-Ukraine free-trade agreement would worsen Kyiv’s trade balance by $1.5 billion (€1.12 billion).
This largely corresponds to a recent statement by Russian presidential advisor Sergei Glyazev, who said that signing the free trade agreement with the EU would be “suicidal” for Ukraine.
The paper indicates that Russia will deploy all efforts to prevent Ukraine from signing the EU pact, and that it will strongly back pro-Russian candidate Viktor Medvedchuk at the 2015 presidential election.
‘Ukrainian Choice’, the political party of Medvedchuk, is envisaged to play a leading role in promoting the country’s accession to the Customs Union.
Indeed, over a recent visit to Ukraine, Putin reportedly spent only 15 minutes in a meeting with his counterpart Yanukovich, but attended a long event hosted by Medvedchuk.
Among the measures envisaged in the paper is “neutralising the media impact” of pro-European forces in Ukraine by supporting opinion makers who are favourable to Russia, as well as "sanctioning” pro-European Ukrainian oligarchs.
The goal is for Ukraine to join the Customs Union in 2015, according to the document.
The paper also envisions that pro-European civil servants in Ukraine institutions, especially in the ministry of foreign affairs and the ministry of defence, “who are de facto agents for Euro-Atlantic influence”, should be “discredited” and not allowed to remain in office after the presidential election.
The paper also advises that President of Belarus Alexander Lukashenko should put pressure on his Ukrainian counterpart Viktor Yanukovych and convince him to turn to Moscow, as EU leaders "don't like him anyway".
However, recent developments between Russia and Belarus would most likely discourage any country to join the Customs Union.
Tension between Russia and Belarus rose yesterday, as Moscow warned oil supply cuts to its energy-poor neighbour could last for months, and Minsk threatened to open a criminal case against a Russian tycoon with Kremlin ties.
Positions
Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych said yesterday (29 August) that he was convinced his country would sign a free-trade deal with the European Union as part of a broader association agreement, the Russian agency RIA Novosti reported.
“For today, I see no obstacles to signing this document,” he said in comments aired on Ukrainian television.
“All requirements put forward by the European Union will be met.
I have no doubts about that.”
Yanukovych also commented on the “trade war”, describing it as “hasty” and “ill-thought-out.”
He said Russia and Ukraine, who have had a series of politically driven commercial spats since the fall of the Soviet Union, should find a “pragmatic solution” on how to manage their economic relations.
“I’m far from [thinking] that we should make our relations with Russia and Customs Union states more complicated.
On the contrary, we should think of how to make them simpler and search for mutual understanding,” he said.
“The Russian president is also concerned about this issue, because he clearly understands that any complicated situation concerning these ties would affect both Ukraine and Russia.”
An  association agreement between the EU and Ukraine  was initialled more than a year ago  and a Deep and Comprehensive Free Trade Agreement (DCFTA) was agreed as well in principle.
However, the EU made their signature conditional on progress made in areas such as democratic and judicial reforms, including the release from prison of former prime minister Yulia Tymoshenko.
The draft agreement offers closer political and economic cooperation, but stops short of offering a path towards EU accession.
Ukraine hopes to sign the agreement at the 28-29 November Eastern Partnership Summit, to be held in Vilnius under the Lithuanian EU presidency.
Several EU leaders, especially from the former Soviet bloc countries, are pushing for a signature of the association agreement in Vilnius, out of geopolitical considerations.
Lithuania, which took over the rotating presidency on 1 July, puts high hopes on the summit's success.
Ukraine hopes to sign the agreement there.
Lessons identified in Crimea – does Estonia's national defence model meet our needs?
The annexation of Crimea in late February 2014 raises a number of questions about whether Estonia's own national defence system is adequate.
The military part of the national defence development plan approved last year states that Estonia can only benefit from units that consist of trained personnel and possess the specific equipment and weaponry they require.
Given the events in Crimea, we can of course only concur with the planners, but do the core elements of Estonia’s military national defence system meet the current needs?
Rapid action by the forces of the Russian Federation
It took very little time for the forces of the Russian Federation to occupy strategic sites in Crimea.
At 4:00 AM on 27 February 2014, Russia’s president Vladimir Putin gave the order to launch an exercise on the Black Sea involving 36 ships and 7,000 troops.
In the hour that followed – starting around 4:00 AM local time – about 30-50 Russian special forces members entered and occupied the parliament and government buildings of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea.
There should have been a swift response to the developments in Crimea.
Indeed, had the Ukrainian leadership acted rapidly and forcefully, utilising the forces at its disposal, the advances made by Russian special forces could have been hindered and possibly halted.
Unfortunately, such orders never even reached the military structures.
In the 20 hours following the order to launch exercises on the Black Sea, Russia was capable of seizing three strategic sites on the Black Sea, using approximately 150 special forces personnel.
After 40 hours, about 2,200 special forces units and airborne troops had been deployed.
The first news that the parliament and government building had been occupied mentioned only “armed pro-Russian individuals” and this made it more difficult to take adequate measures.
The military victory was clinched.
The Ukrainian leadership and the rest of the world had been presented a fait accompli.
Throughout its invasion of Crimea, Russia counted on two key factors to minimise the risk of bloodshed among its own forces and maximise the chances for success: (1) A brand new Ukrainian central government in disarray; and (2) No prospect for a military response by NATO.
How would Estonia have fared in a similar situation?
If we put Estonia in the same place as Ukraine, what would have been Estonia’s chances of adequately responding?
Above all, an attack would, similarly to Crimea, focus on airfields and harbours that would make it possible to rapidly deploy additional forces into Estonia, as well as on local government institutions, which would have more of a political role.
Unlike Crimea, forces can also be deployed and fanned out across the country using the southeastern Estonian road network.
The mobilisable reserve forces form the main bulwark of Estonia’s military defences.
The primary role of the Estonian Defence Forces in peacetime is to prepare reserve units by training conscripts and reservists.
Less emphasis is laid on training professional units and sub-units manned by members of the voluntary defence organisation Kaitseliit .
In Estonia, conscription is currently organised as a training cycle repeated at regular intervals.
Units manned by conscripts that have completed their training cycle do not remain on active duty.
Conscripts are assigned to the reserves and sent home.
To this point, it has been considered a sound practice because since the 1990s, the Russian armed forces have been considered to have their hands full dealing with internal problems.
Thus Estonian defence planners assumed that the security environment would deteriorate only gradually, allowing the country’s political and military leaders time to calmly prepare and procure more ammunition, mobilise reserve units and carry out additional training.
Today it is obvious that the general security situation has grown significantly worse.
Should a Crimea scenario arise, the Estonian Defence Forces would not have time to mobilise reserve units.
Moreover, there would be no point in pitting conscripts with only limited training against Russian special forces who would already have seized and taken up defence of sites of strategic importance.
If we analyse the dates when conscripts are called up for compulsory military service in 2014 and the number of conscripts, we see that only in the first five months of the year there are significant number of conscripts who would be capable of operating at least on a platoon level.
The Defence Forces also have a smaller contingent consisting of rapid-response units (above all, the Scouts Battalion and also a special operations unit) manned with active duty personnel.
In recent years Kaitseliit has increased its membership at a stable pace and as of the end of 2012, the organisation had around 13,200 active members.
Yet caution should be exercised in using this number, because all active members do not belong to units that have trained together, although their commitment to defend their country can be assumed to be high.
According to the new national defence development plan, Estonia’s military defence capacity will grow significantly in the decade ahead.
Larger numbers, however, do not necessarily ensure sufficient security in a situation where a highly capable enemy is acting decisively.
An attacker may intentionally sow doubts as to whether the country has fallen victim to aggression or whether it is merely a criminal group that has managed to occupy a building.
This “fog” may cause mobilisation to be put off so long that the adversary could occupy key sites and thereby make mobilisation difficult, if not impossible.
The deployment of allied forces to Estonia before or during a possible military attack is one of the most important aspects of NATO membership.
The main value of belonging to the alliance lies in military deterrence through all members’ commitment to collective defines under Article 5 of the North Atlantic Treaty, which should lead potential adversaries to abandon the idea of military aggression in the first place.
But if a Crimea-type, “creeping” invasion scenario involving special forces should come to pass, Estonia would have very limited immediate support from the allied units.
The NATO Air Policing Mission, even with its recent strengthening in response to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, would offer primarily symbolic support.
The key deterrent is therefore deployment of NATO ground troops to Estonia – either permanently or by prepositioning equipment, allowing the units’ personnel to be deployed relatively quickly if a crisis develops.
A new aspect seen with regard to Russia is its ability to incite revolts and unrest on foreign soil while rapidly deploying military forces to aggravate and exploit the resultant political turmoil.
The question is about what measures Estonia could implement to allow it to respond immediately and forcefully to military aggression.
On the national level, the transition from peacetime to wartime must be seamless and ensure continuity of leadership.
Command exercises must be regularly held for Estonia’s political and military leaders.
The responsibility of every government agency should, as a crisis deepens, remain as little changed as possible, without complex and risky transitions.
The simplest and most logical move is to base all activities that take place across all agencies in both peacetime and wartime on a uniform set of principles.
Estonia will always be unable to win a war of sheer numbers against its eastern neighbour, so it must focus on quality.
This will require units in a high state of readiness, fully manned, well trained and equipped.
The question facing Estonian defines planners is therefore whether the Defence Forces in the future should focus on reserves or on ensuring the existence of highly capable units that can be used immediately.
The events in Crimea show that the latter should be a priority.
Undoubtedly radical measures should be considered, such as increasing the number of units manned with active duty personnel.
Another possibility is to extend the duration of conscription so that the units that are trained during compulsory military service are not immediately assigned to the reserves but instead left on active duty for a time.
This is the option being explored in Norway, where an 18-month term of service is being attempted that would allow conscripts to be used for up to six months.
Kaitseliit , too, should include sub-units at a high state of readiness, with a training level and equipment that allows them to be used against an opponent’s elite units.
In parallel to Estonia’s efforts, its NATO allies should be asked to increase its presence in the Baltic States, one that goes beyond NATO’s current Air Policing Mission.
In the light of Russia’s aggression against Georgia and Ukraine, the lack of a NATO military presence in a state neighbouring Russia appears to provide an incentive for Moscow to consider using force to pursue political objectives.
Thus, the permanent stationing of NATO ground units and/or prepositioning of equipment in some of the Baltic States could be of critical importance to deterring potential aggressors in coming months and years.
Meeting of the Valdai International Discussion Club
Vladimir Putin took part in the final plenary meeting of the Valdai International Discussion Club’s XI session.
The meeting’s theme is The World Order: New Rules or a Game without Rules.
This year, 108 experts, historians and political analysts from 25 countries, including 62 foreign participants, took part in the club’s work.
The plenary meeting summed up the club’s work over the previous three days, which concentrated on analysing the factors eroding the current system of institutions and norms of international law.
Excerpts from transcript of the final plenary meeting of the Valdai International Discussion Club’s XI session
PRESIDENT OF RUSSIA VLADIMIR PUTIN : Colleagues, ladies and gentlemen, friends, it is a pleasure to welcome you to the XI meeting of the Valdai International Discussion Club.
It was mentioned already that the club has new co-organisers this year.
They include Russian non-governmental organisations, expert groups and leading universities.
The idea was also raised of broadening the discussions to include not just issues related to Russia itself but also global politics and the economy.
I hope that these changes in organisation and content will bolster the club’s influence as a leading discussion and expert forum.
At the same time, I hope the ‘Valdai spirit’ will remain — this free and open atmosphere and chance to express all manner of very different and frank opinions.
Let me say in this respect that I will also not let you down and will speak directly and frankly.
Some of what I say might seem a bit too harsh, but if we do not speak directly and honestly about what we really think, then there is little point in even meeting in this way.
It would be better in that case just to keep to diplomatic get-togethers, where no one says anything of real sense and, recalling the words of one famous diplomat, you realise that diplomats have tongues so as not to speak the truth.
We get together for other reasons.
We get together so as to talk frankly with each other.
We need to be direct and blunt today not so as to trade barbs, but so as to attempt to get to the bottom of what is actually happening in the world, try to understand why the world is becoming less safe and more unpredictable, and why the risks are increasing everywhere around us.
Today’s discussion took place under the theme: New Rules or a Game without Rules .
I think that this formula accurately describes the historic turning point we have reached today and the choice we all face.
There is nothing new of course in the idea that the world is changing very fast.
I know this is something you have spoken about at the discussions today.
It is certainly hard not to notice the dramatic transformations in global politics and the economy, public life, and in industry, information and social technologies.
Let me ask you right now to forgive me if I end up repeating what some of the discussion’s participants have already said.
It’s practically impossible to avoid.
You have already held detailed discussions, but I will set out my point of view.
It will coincide with other participants’ views on some points and differ on others.
”The world is full of contradictions today.
We need to be frank in asking each other if we have a reliable safety net in place.
Sadly, there is no guarantee and no certainty that the current system of global and regional security is able to protect us from upheavals.
The international and regional political, economic, and cultural cooperation organisations are also going through difficult times.“
As we analyse today’s situation, let us not forget history’s lessons.
First of all, changes in the world order – and what we are seeing today are events on this scale – have usually been accompanied by if not global war and conflict, then by chains of intensive local-level conflicts.
Second, global politics is above all about economic leadership, issues of war and peace, and the humanitarian dimension, including human rights.
The world is full of contradictions today.
We need to be frank in asking each other if we have a reliable safety net in place.
Sadly, there is no guarantee and no certainty that the current system of global and regional security is able to protect us from upheavals.
This system has become seriously weakened, fragmented and deformed.
The international and regional political, economic, and cultural cooperation organisations are also going through difficult times.
Yes, many of the mechanisms we have for ensuring the world order were created quite a long time ago now, including and above all in the period immediately following World War II.
Let me stress that the solidity of the system created back then rested not only on the balance of power and the rights of the victor countries, but on the fact that this system’s ‘founding fathers’ had respect for each other, did not try to put the squeeze on others, but attempted to reach agreements.
The main thing is that this system needs to develop, and despite its various shortcomings, needs to at least be capable of keeping the world’s current problems within certain limits and regulating the intensity of the natural competition between countries.
It is my conviction that we could not take this mechanism of checks and balances that we built over the last decades, sometimes with such effort and difficulty, and simply tear it apart without building anything in its place.
Otherwise we would be left with no instruments other than brute force.
What we needed to do was to carry out a rational reconstruction and adapt it to the new realities in the system of international relations.
But the United States, having declared itself the winner of the Cold War, saw no need for this.
Instead of establishing a new balance of power, essential for maintaining order and stability, they took steps that threw the system into sharp and deep imbalance.
The Cold War ended, but it did not end with the signing of a peace treaty with clear and transparent agreements on respecting existing rules or creating new rules and standards.
This created the impression that the so-called ‘victors’ in the Cold War had decided to pressure events and reshape the world to suit their own needs and interests.
If the existing system of international relations, international law and the checks and balances in place got in the way of these aims, this system was declared worthless, outdated and in need of immediate demolition.
Pardon the analogy, but this is the way nouveaux riches behave when they suddenly end up with a great fortune, in this case, in the shape of world leadership and domination.
Instead of managing their wealth wisely, for their own benefit too of course, I think they have committed many follies.
We have entered a period of differing interpretations and deliberate silences in world politics.
International law has been forced to retreat over and over by the onslaught of legal nihilism.
Objectivity and justice have been sacrificed on the altar of political expediency.
Arbitrary interpretations and biased assessments have replaced legal norms.
At the same time, total control of the global mass media has made it possible when desired to portray white as black and black as white.
In a situation where you had domination by one country and its allies, or its satellites rather, the search for global solutions often turned into an attempt to impose their own universal recipes.
This group’s ambitions grew so big that they started presenting the policies they put together in their corridors of power as the view of the entire international community.
But this is not the case.
”The Cold War ended, but it did not end with the signing of a peace treaty with clear and transparent agreements on respecting existing rules or creating new rules and standards.
This created the impression that the so-called ‘victors’ in the Cold War had decided to pressure events and reshape the world to suit their own needs and interests.“
The very notion of ‘national sovereignty’ became a relative value for most countries.
In essence, what was being proposed was the formula: the greater the loyalty towards the world’s sole power centre, the greater this or that ruling regime’s legitimacy.
We will have a free discussion afterwards and I will be happy to answer your questions and would also like to use my right to ask you questions.
And during the upcoming discussion let someone try to disprove the argument that I just set out.
The measures taken against those who refuse to submit are well-known and have been tried and tested many times.
They include use of force, economic and propaganda pressure, meddling in domestic affairs, and appeals to a kind of ‘supra-legal’ legitimacy when they need to justify illegal intervention in this or that conflict or toppling inconvenient regimes.
Of late, we have increasing evidence too that outright blackmail has been used with regard to a number of leaders.
It is not for nothing that ‘big brother’ is spending billions of dollars on keeping the whole world, including its own closest allies, under surveillance.
Let’s ask ourselves, how comfortable are we with this, how safe are we, how happy living in this world, and how fair and rational has it become? Maybe, we have no real reasons to worry, argue and ask awkward questions? Maybe the United States’ exceptional position and the way they are carrying out their leadership really is a blessing for us all, and their meddling in events all around the world is bringing peace, prosperity, progress, growth and democracy, and we should maybe just relax and enjoy it all?
Let me say that this is not the case, absolutely not the case.
A unilateral diktat and imposing one’s own models produces the opposite result.
Instead of settling conflicts it leads to their escalation, instead of sovereign and stable states we see the growing spread of chaos, and instead of democracy there is support for a very dubious public ranging from open neo-fascists to Islamic radicals.
Why do they support such people? They do this because they decide to use them as instruments along the way in achieving their goals but then burn their fingers and recoil.
I never cease to be amazed by the way that our partners just keep stepping on the same rake, as we say here in Russia, that is to say, make the same mistake over and over.
They once sponsored Islamic extremist movements to fight the Soviet Union.
Those groups got their battle experience in Afghanistan and later gave birth to the Taliban and Al-Qaeda.
The West if not supported, at least closed its eyes, and, I would say, gave information, political and financial support to international terrorists’ invasion of Russia (we have not forgotten this) and the Central Asian region’s countries.
Only after horrific terrorist attacks were committed on US soil itself did the United States wake up to the common threat of terrorism.
Let me remind you that we were the first country to support the American people back then, the first to react as friends and partners to the terrible tragedy of September 11.
Russian Paratroops in Ukraine: Lost in a Game of Thrones
A slew of reports about Russian paratroopers slain or captured in Ukraine have reignited fears of a Russian invasion in the war-torn country, but confusion reigned supreme, indicating that the stories are above all part of the propaganda battle.
The reports came ahead of a long-awaited meeting of the Russian and Ukrainian presidents in Minsk, and both sides were ramping up psychological pressure ahead of the event as part of the media war, experts said.
The reports may be based on facts, but one thing was clear: A military intervention was out of the question, analysts on both sides told The Moscow Times on Tuesday.
The truth is extremely hard to determine … but this [reports of Russian soldiers captured in Ukraine] is an isolated incident, in any case," said Mikhail Pogrebinsky of the Center of Political and Conflict Studies in Kiev.
This an edited version of one of four videos published on the official website of the Ukrainian security service on Tuesday claiming to show testimonies from Russian servicemen captured in Ukraine.
Two incidents involving Russian paratroopers have been reported: One concerned a platoon of Russian paratroopers that allegedly perished last week in a clash in Ukraine's Luhansk region.
The other involved 10 alleged Russian soldiers captured in Ukraine, four of them interrogated on camera.
Evidence in both cases is murky and to a large extent circumstantial.
Below, The Moscow Times offers a summary of both incidents, complete with sources and unanswered questions.
Story 1: Casualties
A handful of Russian paratroopers were interred in Russia recently, the circumstances of death unclear.
Officials are reluctant to comment, and so are relatives — possibly under non-disclosure agreements or threat of losing state pensions or other means of support.
Critics say the paratroopers were sent to support the pro-Russian rebels in Ukraine and died fighting the Ukrainian army.
Proof and Sources:
• At least two paratroopers were confirmed to have been buried Monday in Russia's Pskov region.
• Ukrainian journalist Roman Bochkala last week published photos of Russian IDs and military documents allegedly found on paratroopers' bodies.
• Some relatives confirmed the deaths on social networks and in comments to the opposition paper Novaya Gazeta and independent news site Fontanka.ru.
Questions:
• Defense Ministry spokespeople denied Russia had sent or lost any troops in Ukraine, said Bochkala's documents were fakes and claimed the dead paratroopers had been killed in an accident during a military exercise in the Pskov region.
• Some relatives said the online statements purportedly written by them confirming the paratroopers' deaths had been fabricated by hackers.
• The identities of other relatives, including a man cited by Novaya Gazeta and Fontanka.ru, could not be independently verified.
Story 2: Captives
The press service of Ukraine's "counterterrorist operation," as Kiev terms its campaign against the insurgents, on Tuesday released videos of four men who identify themselves on camera as Russian paratroopers.
The men say their command sent them on a 70-kilometer march without explaining its purpose or warning that they would be in Ukrainian territory, where they were apprehended by Ukrainian forces and surrendered without a fight.
Proof and Sources:
• Interviews of the four men's interrogations.
In one case, the video shows a captive wearing Russian dog tags.
• Unnamed Russian military sources confirmed the soldiers' capture to Interfax and ITAR-Tass (the Defense Ministry did not return repeated requests for comment by The Moscow Times on Tuesday), but said the soldiers had lost their way and "accidentally" strayed into Ukraine during a mission on the Russian border.
Questions:
• The point of contention is why and how the paratroopers ended up in Ukraine.
• Ukraine's supporters say the incident proves Russia's direct military support for the insurgents.
• Russia says it was an unintentional incursion.
Separately, the Kremlin's rights council said Tuesday that a Russian military recon group of nine people had been killed "on the Ukrainian border.
The advisory body, whose outspoken criticism of the Kremlin usually goes unheeded, cited a committee of soldiers' mothers as its source and asked the Investigative Committee to look into the alleged deaths.
The committee did not comment Tuesday, while the Defense Ministry denied the report, Gazeta.ru reported.
No Invasion Before Talks
Military and political experts polled by The Moscow Times said the evidence available did not make it possible to say with any degree of certainty whether any Russian paratroops have really fought in Ukraine recently.
But the scandal benefitted the Ukrainian leadership while harming Russia's position in the Minsk talks, said Alexander Khramchikhin of the Institute for Political and Military Analysis in Moscow.
Russia is extremely unlikely to go for a serious escalation ahead of the all-important Minsk meeting," said Anton Lavrov, a military expert working with the Moscow-based Center for Analysis of Strategies and Technologies.
Moscow and Kiev effectively ended dialogue with the outbreak of a pro-Russian insurgency in eastern Ukraine last spring, but the meeting between Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko and his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin was anticipated as a chance to resume direct talks.
The rebels recently reported launching a counteroffensive after weeks of retreat, claims that many experts also said seemed to be propaganda aimed at strengthening Moscow's position ahead of the talks.
Ukraine has accused official Moscow of providing the rebels with money, equipment and possibly troops.
But all experts interviewed for this story said that while many Russian volunteers were confirmed to be fighting in Ukraine, hard evidence of Russia's direct military involvement was lacking.
Game of Thrones
The paratrooper reports are part of the heated media battle being waged in parallel to real-life hostilities, Lavrov said.
The information war has reached uncharted heights," Khramchikhin said.
Media and officials on both sides have been locked in a mutual smear campaign for months, trading exaggerations and outright fakes about casualties and atrocities committed by the enemy.
Direct Russian involvement in eastern Ukraine remains the most powerful accusation on the Ukrainian side, repeatedly reported but never confirmed.
Russia has been more creative, with state media vilifying the Ukrainian army and authorities with zeal and inventiveness.
The most notorious example came in July, when state-run Channel One said Ukrainian "fascists" had crucified the child of a Russia supporter in a town square.
The story was eventually debunked as a fake based on a scene from the hit fantasy TV show "Game of Thrones.
The Faces Behind Ukraine's Rebel Election Observer Mission
The recent elections in Ukraine's self-proclaimed Donetsk and Luhansk people's republics may have been slammed by Western governments, but they were praised by a ragtag group of "international observers.
The recent elections in Ukraine's self-proclaimed Donetsk and Luhansk people's republics may have been slammed by Western governments, but they were praised by a ragtag group of "international observers" including a Spaniard who may not exist, a Nashville lawyer previously suspended for fraud, a far-right Serbian denied entry into Canada for his affiliation with convicted war criminals, and an Austrian nationalist renowned among U.S. neo-Nazis.
The list of observers released by Ukraine's Interior Ministry the day after the vote — called "unfortunate and counterproductive" by the UN secretary general and described as a farce by Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko — includes 18 names, though Russian media and foreign journalists present at the elections said the number of international observers was much higher, with estimates ranging from 50 to 70.
The organizations involved include the Eurasian Observatory of Democracy and Elections, run by Belgian neo-Nazi Luc Michel; the European Centre for Geopolitical Analysis, run by Polish far-right politician Mateusz Piskorski; and the Agency for Security and Cooperation in Europe (ASCE), which was founded the night before the vote and apparently dismantled immediately after.
That agency's founder, Ewald Stadler, a far-right Austrian politician whose 2010 speech was dubbed "the most racist speech ever" in a European parliament by neo-Nazi website Stormfront.org, admitted in Donetsk that the ASCE did not legally exist, according to British newspaper The Telegraph.
Piskorski of the European Centre for Geopolitical Analysis previously worked as an election observer at the 2007 Russian State Duma elections.
But he is perhaps better known for publishing a magazine called Odala throughout the 1990s and early 2000s that openly praised Nazi Germany and featured various interviews with Holocaust deniers.
Piskorski is also a member of the International Eurasian Movement, founded by Alexander Dugin, an ultraconservative Russian political analyst with ties to the Kremlin. 
In addition to European political figures with a track record of observing unrecognized elections, the list also included some more obscure but no less colorful figures.
Elusive Lawyer
One of them is U.S. national Frank G.Abernathy, listed as representing the Tennessee-based company EFS Investment Partners LLC, whose Facebook page says it offers "financial planning" services.
The company's offices have closed, the phone is disconnected and no online reviews by clients could be found about the company's services.
Abernathy is also the founder of the Law Offices of Frank G.Abernathy — whose phone has also been disconnected — and a practicing lawyer.
But according to the Tennessee Bar Association, his license was only reinstated in 2011 after being suspended in 2002.
The Supreme Court of Tennessee fined and suspended Abernathy after he "used confidential information to his advantage" and "engaged in misrepresentation" to borrow a large sum of money from one of his clients.
Several phone numbers listed for Abernathy were found to be disconnected, including one for a Bermuda-based insurance company he claims to work for.
A message sent to him on social media went unanswered by print time.
Crimean Veteran
American-Serbian professor, writer and fellow observer Srda Trifkovic was easier to get a hold of.
Offering his impression of Sunday's election, Trifkovic said that residents in Donetsk seemed eager to vote — but he conceded that that was "quite apart from the issue of the 'legality' of the election.
He said he was invited by representatives of the Donetsk People's Republic (DNR) a month in advance, and they "made the travel, board and lodging arrangements, but there was no honorarium involved."  
Overall, the process was as democratically valid as could be expected under the extraordinary security circumstances," he said, adding that "in view of the long, cold winter on the horizon and Ukraine's ongoing financial and economic collapse," the authorities in Kiev should "heed the dictate of expediency" and talk to the new DNR leaders.
Trifkovic said he also observed the Crimean referendum in March, which was likewise universally dismissed by Western governments and influential international organizations.
Like many of the other observers, Trifkovic has an extensive resume but a spotty reputation, having authored numerous books and done stints as a correspondent for the BBC World Service and U.S.
News & World Report but being better known for his ties to the Bosnian Serb government in the 1990s.
In February 2011, he was denied access to Canada for having served as an unofficial spokesman for the Republika Srpska government in the 1990s and as adviser to Republika Srpska leader Biljana Plavsic, who was later convicted of war crimes for her role in the Bosnian War.
Trifkovic is also known for having testified as part of the defense for another convicted war criminal, Milomir Stakic, in the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia.
Stakic was charged with genocide and crimes against humanity in that trial.
Maxim Zmeyev / Reuters
An armed separatist guarding ballot boxes during Sunday’s vote in self-proclaimed Donetsk People’s Republic.
Spanish Specter
In contrast with the many observers with long, dramatic histories, there was one observer listed by the rebels themselves who could only be described as a ghost, with no record of him listed on the website of the company that purportedly sent him to monitor the elections.
Felipe Delgado reportedly observed the vote on behalf of the Spanish public relations firm Mediasiete Corporation, according to Ukrainian news site Novy Region and Ukrainian journalist Anton Shekhovtsov.
Oleg Bondarenko, a spokesman for the press center of Novorossia, the rebels' self-proclaimed sovereign nation, confirmed to The Moscow Times that Delgado had attended as an observer, along with another representative of Mediasiete Corporation, Renato Landeira.
The participation of Mediasiete Corporation comes as no surprise, as the company earlier sent its president to observe the Crimean referendum in March. 
But no information could be found on Delgado or his professional duties on the company's website.
Several phone calls to the company's offices went unanswered, and an e-mailed request for comment on Delgado and Landeira's participation in the elections went unanswered by print time.
A Moscow-based Spanish correspondent for Spain's Telecinco TV network said he had an equally difficult time finding any record of Delgado.
I have been looking for information on him along with other Spanish journalists, but there is none at all," said Ricardo Marquina Montanana.
Unorthodox Approach
The sparse information on Delgado's background sparked speculation as to whether or not he exists and highlights the murky nature of the election monitoring, with many of the confirmed observers openly saying they did not go through Ukrainian customs to get into the country.
Instead, they traveled to Moscow first and entered Ukraine through its lengthy border with Russia, bypassing border control stations.
While the group of international observers hailed the elections as having been conducted in an atmosphere of joy and unity — citing the ubiquitous free food and folk music — Western journalists painted a different picture.
U.S. journalist Christopher Miller wrote for the Mashable news agency that the polling stations were "guarded by camouflaged gunmen … in what closely resembled an event straight out of the Soviet Union, except for the fact that votes could also be cast online.
Fabrice Beaur confirmed his attendance at the elections on behalf of Michel's Eurasian Observatory of Democracy and Elections, as well as the participation of Piskorski's ECGA.
He suggested that his group and the others represented at the elections — including the ASCE — were better than the Organization for Security and Cooperation and Europe, from which the ASCE appears to have gotten its name.
Our participation is free," Beaur wrote in e-mailed comments to The Moscow Times.
Unlike the OSCE," he said, the groups involved in monitoring the Donetsk and Luhansk elections didn't take any "envelope," apparently a not so subtle suggestion that the OSCE takes bribes to issue its approval of elections.
Beaur insisted that the election was fair, "a real grassroots movement to say no to the junta of Kiev.
The anti-fascist struggle is still relevant," he said, echoing claims made by the separatists in eastern Ukraine that the new authorities in Kiev were Nazis.
While repeatedly leveling accusations of fascism, it was unclear how Beaur or the authorities in Donetsk and Luhansk have been able to reconcile themselves with the far-right leanings of most of the election observers present at Sunday's vote, at least one of whom is widely reported to have openly praised Nazi Germany throughout his career.
Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov’s remarks and answers to media questions at the Primakov Readings International Forum, Moscow, June 30, 2017
Colleagues, It is a great honour for me to address the second Primakov Readings International Forum, which has been organised by the Primakov National Research Institute of World Economy and International Relations of the Russian Academy of Sciences (IMEMO).
I welcome prominent researchers, statesmen, politicians and diplomats from Russia and other countries, who are attending this forum.
Combined intellectual efforts and an expert and depoliticised search for the best way to deal with the current problems in this complicated situation deserve our respect and support.
The Foreign Ministry appreciates the Primakov Readings’ focus on dealing with current issues based on the experience of our famous predecessors, including the diverse heritage of Yevgeny Primakov.
An outstanding statesman, diplomat, researcher and thinker, Mr Primakov has made a major contribution to the formulation of key provisions of Russia’s foreign policy doctrine, provisions that have passed the test of time.
He also contributed to a comprehensive review of the complex processes underway in the post-bipolar world, which, as it turned out, do not fit the simplistic “end of history” logic.
Russia did its homework diligently in clearing up the Cold War debris and worked hard to build up confidence and mutual understanding in the Euro-Atlantic region and the rest of the world.
One of its biggest contributions was its decisive role in the reunification of Germany and the withdrawal of its troops from Central and Eastern Europe and the Baltic countries.
We did this with our cards on the table, without a hidden agenda or double standards.
It was largely thanks to the policy we pursued for the past 25 years that European countries have saved huge funds by redirecting their defence spending towards socioeconomic development and national prosperity.
Regrettably, the world has not become more stable or predictable.
We more than once pointed to the reasons for deterioration in the international situation, the frailty of the unipolar world concept, counterproductive unilateral actions and the risks entailed in undermining international law and the associated growth in the use of force in international affairs.
It has become obvious that the liberal model of globalisation, which was developed in the early 1990s, primarily its economic element that is designed to secure leadership for a small group of countries at the expense of the rest of the world, has exhausted its potential.
Despite the seemingly noble goals, this model turned out to be vulnerable to various challenges and incapable of dealing with numerous problems.
Additional opportunities that opened up for mankind in connection with the transition to a new industrial and technological level have failed to narrow the development gap between the rich and the poor countries.
It has in fact increased over the past several decades.
The world economy and world finances remain volatile.
Climate change is fraught with major risks.
Poverty, social vulnerability and sharpening competition in virtually every area are promoting isolationism, protectionism, nationalism, extremism and uncontrolled migration.
The reverse side of the “West-centric” globalisation model, the persistent desire to measure others by one’s own pseudo-liberal values, impose changes from the outside with no consideration for local traditions and even use force to remove undesirable regimes, has been a surge in international terrorism.
In turn, nonstop bloody terrorist attacks in various parts of the world and the migration crisis that has hit Europe prove that attempts to build “individual islets of security,” sit it out in a “safe harbour” or address one’s own problems without relying on broad international cooperation are illusive.
The massive growth of cyber crime and the more frequent use of information and communications technologies to influence the socio-political and socio-economic situation and manipulate public opinion for the sake of narrow mercenary goals arouse special concern.
The propaganda of extremist ideas and recruitment of young people to international terrorist organisations in cyber space is no less dangerous.
For years, Russia has persistently called for the adoption of universal rules for the responsible behaviour of states in cyber space under UN aegis.
We are expecting a response to our proposals.
Evidently, in the foreseeable future, the world will continue facing a number of long-term problems of a truly pan-civilisational nature.
President Vladimir Putin, addressing the St. Petersburg International Economic Forum not long ago, pointed out that we must not, have no right to, waste our efforts and time on squabbles, feuds and geopolitical games.
What we need is wise and balanced approaches, without stakes on unilateral global domination and the vicious practice of “double standards.”
Today, we are all participants of an objective process of forming a polycentric world order, which Yevgeny Primakov spoke and wrote a lot about.
His talent as a researcher and a genuinely systematic approach made it possible to focus on the most important thing and to grasp the meaning of tectonic shifts in the international arena.
Hardly anyone can dispute that this is a natural trend which has taken shape in the wake of the realignment of the global balance of power and the strengthening of the factor of cultural and civilisational identity in the modern world.
It is in our common interest not to restrain this process, but to ensure its stability and predictability, and to make sure that the renewed world order ‒ cleaned on the basis of the UN Charter principles ‒ is fair and democratic, and globalisation plays a unifying role taking into account the interests of all the participants of international communication without exception, contributing to a stable and secure future for all humankind.
The emergence of new confident centres of economic power and associated political influence implies a new higher level of mutual trust, which is impossible to achieve without observing such fundamental principles of international life as the sovereignty of states, non-interference in their internal affairs, and the resolution of disputes by peaceful means.
It is necessary to agree on a uniform interpretation of the principles and norms of international law.
In this connection, it is difficult to overestimate the importance of the UN, which enjoys universal legitimacy.
Recent practice has shown that joint actions backed by the authority of the UN in the form of relevant Security Council resolutions can lead to significant progress in resolving the most complex issues.
The attempts to adapt the institutions dating back to the era of bipolar confrontation to realities of the 21 st century are doomed to failure.
In particular, the North Atlantic Alliance has remained part of the Cold War paradigm as it tries to find a reason for existence.
However, it was unable to provide a proper response to the growing main threat of modern times, which is terrorism.
Furthermore, NATO has destablised and continues to destabilise the security structure in Europe.
This, without doubt, is at odds with the aspirations of the peoples of Europe.
International relations have reached an important fork.
Our choice will determine the way the world will look 15-20 years from now.
Either we will continue to waste our time and resources, which is fraught with a new arms race, further expansion of the space of instability, chaos, and uncontrollability, or the leading centres of civilisation will manage to reach an agreement and unite their efforts based on broad international partnership with the central coordinating role of the UN.
Russia is clearly in favour of the latter.
We are invariably open to working with everyone who shows willingness to effectively address key issues of global development.
This our approach – in favour of collective multilateral efforts to strengthen security and establish broad-based equitable mutually beneficial cooperation – is shared by most members of the international community.
Russia will continue to act in this vein and promote a peaceful, positive and forward-looking agenda in international affairs, and also act as a counterbalancing factor and a guarantor of global stability.
We will continue to build up cooperation with our partners in new associations such as the G20, BRICS, the SCO, the EAEU, and other associations in the CIS where there are no “leaders” or “followers,” and where decisions are made on the basis of a well-considered consensus with account taken of the interests of all the participants without exception.
Relations between Russia and the United States have a special role in the world, because a great many international issues, from strategic stability to regional crises, cannot be settled without them.
We are aware of many countries’ concern about the souring of relations between our countries, which have been made hostage to political infighting in the United States.
We hope that the upcoming meeting between President Putin and President Trump in Hamburg will clarify the matter concerning the future of Russian-US relations.
Personally, I hope that pragmatism and the resolve to use realistic and effective methods to protect national interests will prevail.
This is the approach that Henry Kissinger, an architect of the US foreign policy and a big friend of Yevgeny Primakov, has always used.
He is attending our forum today.
Caught in a Zeitnot
Vladimir Putin’s recent visit to Ukraine to celebrate the anniversary of the christening of Kyiv Rus and Navy Day, showed that Russia’s President is concerned about the situation in Ukraine .
There is little time left before the presidential election and the launch of the Eurasian Union in 2015, as well as the looming prospect of the Association Agreement with the EU in November, which adds pressure. 
Some experts in Ukraine assume that Putin’s new stance is to reinforce ideological influence and keep Ukraine in the Russian World , even if he has to let go of Kyiv in terms of trade and economics.
His messages in Ukraine are indeed generously flavoured with rhetoric about “unbreakable” blood and spiritual bonds.
He mentioned this at the Russian and Ukrainian Navy parade in Sevastopol, which he visited with Viktor Yanukovych, referring to the “strength of and devotion to the fundamentals of our predecessors who lived, worked and protected their common Motherland together for centuries and made it powerful, great and undefeated…
We share common roots, culture and religion.
Our blood and spiritual bonds are unbreakable.” 
Similar messages were expressed during religious ceremonies.
However, they are nothing new in the Russian rhetoric of the past few years.
Putin’s speech at the Orthodox Slavic Values – the Foundation of Ukraine’s Civilization Choice Conference, organized by Viktor Medvedchuk, fueled diverse reactions from observers and experts.
Notably, Putin only spoke to Yanukovych for 15 minutes, giving preference to Medvedchuk, the father of his goddaughter.
It appears that Putin was forced to stoop so low as Medvedchuk’s Ukrainian Choice because there is no other alternative in Ukraine today.
The failure of various Russian blocks and movements, and the collapse of the Church Russian World led by Patriarch Kirill that has been more and more evident of late, have left Putin with significantly less space and time to maneuver.
At the moment, he can only rely on the Communists who have zero prospects in Ukraine or the loyal Viktor Medvedchuk, a notorious Chief of Staff during the Kuchma presidency, and his Ukrainian Choice.
No matter what, Putin is no longer content with Yanukovych as his vassal in the gubernia that should be part of the Eurasian Union, since the latter seems to have realized the danger of closer integration with the Kremlin for his “estate”.
However, Yanukovych’s potential loss of power in 2015 is of even greater concern.
The Family realizes that following the Russian model is its only chance to rapidly build a business empire that is equal to, or larger than that of its friend Akhmetov.
Given the experience of the past three years, “Yanukovych’s Ukraine” is open to humanitarian expansion from the East, the inevitable russification of Ukraine’s cultural and media space, and the evolution of Ukraine’s socio-economic and socio-political models in line with the Russian mould.
But it will not cede its own interests, which are completely focused on the rapid expansion of its business empire, something that would be an integral part of Ukraine’s integration into the Kremlin’s neo-imperial projects.
Meanwhile, Putin has once again made it clear that he will not be content with just a loyal state – even a satellite.
Instead, he seeks to completely eliminate the aftermaths of “the biggest geopolitical disaster of the 20 th century” – the collapse of the USSR and the emergence of an independent Ukraine.
Only people like Viktor Medvedchuk who is considered to have pushed Kuchma to consent to integration in the Common Economic Space at the end of his presidency in 2003, can liquidate this “abnormality” “which is not even a state” (as Putin put it in a conversation with George W.Bush in Bucharest in 2008).
So far, though, Medvedchuk seems to be too weak to affect 2015 developments in Ukraine, let alone seriously contribute to the disruption of the Association Agreement signing in November.
All this puts Moscow under time pressure.
Indeed, the Association Agreement will not come into effect until ratified by all 28 EU member-states – and this could take years, especially if hampered by the Kremlin’s lobby in Europe.
However, the DCFTA as the economic part of the Association Agreement will come into effect immediately after signing and will be able to block Ukraine’s integration in the Customs and Eurasian Unions.
Therefore, there is every reason to expect a surprise or two from the Kremlin before the Vilnius Summit in November.
Similar things have occurred before when some events in foreign or internal policy threatened the Kremlin’s stability.
For instance, a scandal similar to the alleged sale of Ukrainian Kolchuga ESM systems to Iraq that ruined Kuchma’s relations with the West at the dawn of Putin’s political career and his reintegration projects in the FSU.
Or a new wave of mudslinging against the Ukrainian government, this time bigger in terms of media coverage and with a stronger focus on Western politicians in order to ultimately convince the EU of the criminal nature of the Yanukovych regime and that the Association Agreement should not be signed with Ukraine. 
Meanwhile, projects like the Ukrainian Choice or media holdings created to spread the word on the Kremlin’s orders, are apparently created specifically for the 2015 presidential race.
They are probably supposed to expand the pro-Russian electorate in Ukraine, stealing it mainly from the former electorate of the Party of Regions and Yanukovych.
Ukrainian-Russian media are now fueling tension by presenting everything negatively, from the decisions and actions of the government, to social processes, trends and developments.
It’s possible that Putin is counting on a potential political vacuum in a number of southeastern regions that are currently under the total control of pro-Russian Regionaires.
This is a likely scenario, if mass protests force Yanukovych to quit, as in the 2004 scenario, or if he loses the race to any of the pro-European opposition leaders.
Moscow already faced the huge risk of losing its influence over Ukraine for good in 2008 when the Ukrainian government applied for NATO’s Membership Action Plan .
Apparently, it is preparing to respond to a similar threat after the 2015 election.
The risks for Ukraine in this situation are aggravated by the fact that the Yanukovych regime does not view it as a fully-fledged sovereign state and ignores national security.
This is evident from the choice of appointments to law enforcement authorities and special services, where many generals who are openly pro-Russian, now serve.
Therefore, it will hardly be likely to develop an effective strategy to resist the possible special operations of Ukraine’s “strategic partner” as the Vilnius Summit and the presidential election draw closer.
Ukraine as a state is only valuable to the Family if it maintains power.
This is why the regime will not develop any preventive measures for external scenarios that could hurt the country.
 It appears that Yanukovych still believes that the loss of power in 2004 was a coincidence, a lack of preparedness for extreme scenarios and the betrayal of Kuchma.
Therefore, he may be confident of his ability to keep everything under control in 2015.
For this reason, the government is instead developing preventive measures to internal threats, by trying to curb protest movements and appointing loyal people to offices which have a direct influence on the outcome of the presidential election.
Meanwhile, it is turning a blind eye to external threats.
It looks like Putin and pro-Russian forces in Ukraine, including those inside the Party of Regions, are preparing to use Yanukovych’s limitations and shortsightedness for their own benefit. 
