Dan Johnson suicide: Lawmaker accused of molesting teen killed himself. His widow calls it a 'high-tech lynching.'
LOUISVILLE - Dan Johnson posted a final message on Facebook to his friends and family on Wednesday afternoon.
It appeared to be a goodbye.
In it, he denied the accusations that had tormented him and his family for the past 48 hours - that he, a Kentucky state representative and the self-proclaimed "Pope" of his Louisville church - had gotten drunk and molested a 17-year-old girl during 
"GOD knows the truth, nothing is the way they make it out to be," he wrote in the since-deleted post.
"I cannot handle it any longer .
BUT HEAVEN IS MY HOME."
Johnson then drove to a graffiti-covered bridge outside of Mount Washington, Ky., a quiet and isolated spot called the River Bottoms.
He parked, got out of his car, and shot himself with a .40-caliber handgun, according to Bullitt County Sheriff Donnie Tinnell.
The apparent suicide of a well-known local Republican here was another dark and dramatic turn in the nation's recent reckoning with sexual assault and harassment, with near-daily revelations about powerful men leading to sudden falls from positions o
Many of those cases have led to denials, resignations, apologies; though Johnson denied the allegations, some believe they pushed him over the edge.
 Johnson's wife, Rebecca, announced Thursday that she plans to replace him in the state legislature.
 She spent the day at a funeral home arranging her husband's service, consoling her relatives and continuing to do what she does best - fighting for her family, said David Adams, a family friend and spokesman.
 "Dan is gone but the story of his life is far from over," Rebecca Johnson said through Adams.
 "These high-tech lynchings based on lies and half-truths can't be allowed to win the day.
 I've been fighting behind my husband for 30 years and his fight will go on."
 Johnson's death shook his family, friends, constituents and members of his church, with Kentucky's political elite immediately expressing their sadness.
 Gov.
 Matt Bevin (R) wrote on Twitter: "My heart breaks for his family   May God indeed shed His grace on us all" and Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) said in a tweet: "I cannot imagine his pain or the heartbreak his family is dealing with."
 [White House urges Roy Moore to concede, as supporters look for evidence of 'voter fraud']
 The tumult began Monday, when the Kentucky Center for Investigative Reporting published allegations that Johnson sexually assaulted his daughter's friend during a sleepover in 2013.
Kentucky lawmaker Dan Johnson killed himself after sexual assault allegations
(CNN) A Kentucky lawmaker accused of sexually assaulting a teenage girl in 2013 killed himself Wednesday, officials say, a day after he denied the allegations.
Republican state Rep. Dan Johnson was found dead of a single gunshot wound near Mount Washington, Bullitt County Coroner Dave Billings said.
Johnson drove onto a bridge in a rural area southeast of Louisville, parked and shot himself in front of his car, Sheriff Donnie Tinnell told CNN affiliate WDRB
Billings ruled Johnson's death a suicide on Thursday after an autopsy, Deputy Coroner Clayton Brunson said.
Shortly before his death, Johnson posted a rambling message on social media, denying the sexual assault allegations and urging his family to stay strong for his wife.
Relatives became concerned after seeing the post and reached out to law enforcement, who pinged Johnson's phone and later discovered his body, according to Billings.
Billings said he was called to the scene around 7:30 p.m.
Authorities discovered Johnson's body in front of his truck and a 40-caliber semi-automatic handgun nearby, he said.
CNN has reached out to the Bullitt County Sheriff's Office and the Kentucky governor's office but has not heard back.
His accuser said the alleged sexual assault took place in the early hours of New Year's Day in 2013 when she was 17, according to the center's explosive investigative report published Monday.
 The accuser, identified as Maranda Richmond, is now 21.
 She said she was staying in a living area of Louisville's Heart of Fire Church, where Johnson was pastor, when he drunkenly kissed and fondled her underneath her clothes, according to the investigative report.
 The center got its hands on police documents about the accusations and interviewed Richmond, leading to its story on how Johnson allegedly forced himself on her when she was a teenager.
 Johnson denied the allegations, a day after the center published its report, saying Richmond was motivated by his political opponents.
 "This allegation concerning this young girl absolutely has no merit," he said.
 "As a matter of fact, some of this I heard yesterday for the first time as I read the story."
 The same day Johnson held a news conference, Louisville detectives reopened the investigation, according to the Kentucky Center for Investigative Reporting.
 Johnson posted a message on his Facebook page Wednesday evening, saying the accusations "are false" and "only God knows the truth."
 The post appears to have been deleted.
 "GOD and only GOD knows the truth, nothing is the way they make it out to be.
Dan Johnson, Kentucky lawmaker who killed himself, claimed he raised woman from the dead
The Kentucky preacher-turned-politician who killed himself after being accused of molesting a teenager claimed he once raised a woman "from the dead."
State Rep. Dan Johnson also declared that he watched the second hijacked plane slam into the World Trade Center from his hotel room and spent the next two weeks blessing bodies as they were removed from the ruins at a morgue he set up at Ground Zero.
Johnson also boasted about being a White House chaplain for both Bush presidents and Bill Clinton, and professed to have been a peacemaker in Los Angeles during the 1992 Rodney King riots.
These were some of the unlikely stories that "Bishop Johnson" posted on the web site of his Heart of Fire Church, in a rural county south of Louisville.
Those tales were largely debunked in a Kentucky Center for Investigative Reporting expose that revealed that Johnson was accused by a then 17-year-old Maranda Richmond of drunkenly sexually assaulting her on New Year's Eve 2012.
Johnson, a 57-year-old Republican who represented mostly rural Bullitt County, denied the allegation Tuesday during a news conference at his church.
He also defied bipartisan calls for him to resign.
"This allegation concerning this lady, this young girl, absolutely has no merit, these are unfounded accusations, totally," he said.
But a little after 7 p.m. Wednesday, Johnson killed himself with a gunshot to the head, police said, about two hours after posting another strident denial on a since-deleted Facebook post in which he also wrote that post-traumatic stress disorder fro
"I cannot handle it any longer .
 BUT HEAVEN IS MY HOME," he wrote.
 Not long after his death was ruled a suicide, Johnson's wife, Rebecca, who is the "pastor" of their church, announced Thursday that she will run for his seat and called her husband's death a "high-tech lynching based on lies and half-truths."
 KCIP found that Johnson's claim that he had brought a dead woman back to life while serving as a missionary in South America was based on a letter written by another preacher who admitted he hadn't seen the supposed miracle and only heard about it.
 And while the Kentucky reporters found records that placed Johnson in New York City on or around 9/11, it's unlikely he watched a plane crash into one of the Twin Towers from "The New Yorker Hotel," as he claimed on the web site.
 The Wyndham New Yorker Hotel is not a mile away, as Johnson wrote.
 It's about three miles north of Ground Zero, in Midtown Manhattan.
 Before his suicide, Johnson made national news during his campaign for posting racist remarks online about former President Barack Obama and Michelle Obama.
 That didn't stop him from getting elected last year in an overwhelmingly white and conservative corner of Kentucky.
 Johnson claimed to have a "doctorate of divinity" from a Des Moines, Iowa, bible school.
 The Kentucky Center for Investigative Reporting found no evidence to support that.
Matt Bevin, Rand Paul Respond to Dan Johnson's Death
After Kentucky State Rep. Dan Johnson died Wednesday in an apparent suicide amid allegations that he sexually assaulted a teenager, politicians in the state called for kindness and an end to "nasty, vulgar comments" about Johnson's death.
The allegations against Johnson surfaced in an investigation published by the Kentucky Center for Investigative Reporting.
Maranda Richmond, who did not respond to TIME's request for comment on Thursday, told the news organization that Johnson molested her on New Year's Eve in 2012 when he was a pastor at the Heart of Fire Church.
The Kentucky Center for Investigative Reporting said it corroborated her account with her family members, Facebook messages she sent to Johnson and notes from her therapist.
Richmond said that she reported the incident to the Louisville police in 2013.
Police investigated the matter, but never pressed charges.
Louisville police did not immediately respond to TIME's request for comment.
After the allegations broke, Kentucky lawmakers on both sides of the aisle called for Johnson to resign.
At a press conference on Tuesday, Johnson denied the allegations and vowed to stay in the Kentucky House of Representatives.
He was found dead on Wednesday night.
 Paul Ham, the chairman of the Bullit County GOP, criticized the Kentucky Center for Investigative Reporting in a Thursday interview with the Washington Post.
 "The story was based on hearsay: no arrest, no conviction, no jail time," he said.
 "Back when the Constitution meant something, a man could stand before a jury of his peers.
 But now, it's just, 'Let's just make some accusations and run with it.'
 We're in a very bad place."
 Others, like Republican Reps. Wesley Morgan and Jeff Hoover, seemed to echo Ham's sentiment.
 Hoover resigned as the House's Speaker last month (but kept his seat in the chamber) following allegations of sexual harassment, which he denied.
 Michael Skoler, the president of Louisville Public Media, which owns the Kentucky Center for Investigative Reporting, said that it was "deeply sad" over Johnson's death, but noted that Johnson had declined their numerous requests to speak about Rich
 Other state lawmakers called for kindness in the wake of Johnson's death.
 On Thursday afternoon, Johnson's widow said she wanted to take his seat in the Kentucky House.
Widow of Kentucky State Rep. Dan Johnson says she'll pursue his seat
The wife of Kentucky State Rep. Dan Johnson, who killed himself on Wednesday amid a bombshell report's accusations of sexual assault, announced Thursday that she would pursue her husband's seat, saying "his fight will go on."
Dan Johnson, a preacher and a Republican, committed suicide Wednesday on a bridge in Mt.
Washington, according to Bullitt County Sheriff Donnie Tinnell.
The coroner confirmed that Johnson died of a single gunshot wound to the head, and the weapon was found near the 57-year-old's body.
The statement from Johnson's widow, Rebecca, said she was running for the position because "these high-tech lynchings based on lies and half-truths can't be allowed to win the day."
"Dan is gone but the story of his life is far from over," she said.
His death occurred just days after the Kentucky Center for Investigative Reporting published a detailed set of allegations from a woman who claimed that Johnson sexually assaulted her when she was 17.
The lawmaker denied the accusations on Tuesday, calling them "totally false."
He said they were part of a nationwide strategy for defeating conservative Republicans, referencing claims also made against Republican Alabama Senate candidate Roy Moore.
But the next day, Johnson posted an ominous message on his Facebook page, part of which prompted his family to report him missing, the sheriff said Thursday.
 In the post, he asked for people to take care of his wife and wrote that post-traumatic stress disorder "is a sickness that will take my life, I cannot handle it any longer.
 It has won this life, BUT HEAVEN IS MY HOME."
 The post appears to have been removed.
 The woman who made the accusations against Dan Johnson, Maranda Richmond, said she attended a New Year's Eve party at his house in 2012.
 She reportedly fell asleep on the couch, and in the early hours of Jan. 1, 2013, claimed she woke up to him kneeling over her and alleged he assaulted her.
 Richmond said that she reported the episode but Louisville police closed the case without charges.
 The case has since been reopened.
 Johnson was elected to the State Legislature in 2016, part of a wave of Republican victories that gave the GOP control of the Kentucky House of Representatives for the first time in nearly 100 years.
 The pastor of Heart of Fire church in Louisville, Johnson sponsored a number of bills involving religious liberty and teaching the Bible in public schools.
 But he was mostly out of the spotlight until the investigative story broke.
Widow of Kentucky state rep Dan Johnson plans to run for his seat
"Dan is gone," says Rebecca Johnson, wife of deceased Kentucky state rep Dan Johnson, "but the story of his life is far from over."
Rep. Dan Johnson took his life on a bridge in Mt.
Washington, Kentucky on Wednesday.
Now, according to WRAL, his widow plans to run for the office he vacated with a handgun.
RELATED: An investigation into a state lawmaker accused of child molestation has ended with a single gunshot
Johnson stood accused of molestation of a 17-year-old girl in an apartment underneath the Heart of Fire City Church's Fellowship Hall on New Year's Eve 2012.
An investigation by the Kentucky Center for Investigative Reporting found that a case to the allegations was closed.
Following their report and an on-the-record interview with alleged victim Maranda Richmond, who is now 21, police reopened the case.
No charges were filed before Johnson took his life.
"These high-tech lynchings based on lies and half-truths can't be allowed to win the day," said Rebecca Johnson, who stood by her husband's side as he dismissed the molestation allegations in a press conference on Tuesday.
 That press conference saw Rep. Johnson say he was "mad as can be" about the charges, which he said were made into "political stones and political rocks."
 He said the allegations against him were "something that's totally false."
 Rebecca Johnson says she has stood by her husband's side for 30 years and plans to continue his "fight."
 In expressing their condolences, Louisville Public Media, which oversees the Kentucky Center for Investigative Reporting, says they contacted Johnson several times in the course of writing their story, which called Johnson's life a "long con" and a 
 They say they did not receive a response, but added:
 All of us at Louisville Public Media are deeply sad to hear that State Representative Dan Johnson has died, apparently of suicide.
 We grieve for his family, friends, church community and constituents.
 Our Kentucky Center for Investigative Reporting released a report on Johnson this week.
 Our aim, as always, is to provide the public with fact-based, un3 reporting and hold public officials accountable for their actions.
 As part of our process, we reached out to Representative Johnson numerous times over the course of a seven-month investigation.
Wife to run for seat of Kentucky lawmaker who killed self
The widow of the Kentucky lawmaker who killed himself after a sexual assault allegation surfaced this week said she will run for his seat because he was pushed to suicide by 'high-tech lynching mobs'.
In a statement on Thursday, the day after Dan Johnson's suicide, Rebecca Johnson said she has been fighting behind her husband for 30 years and 'his fight will go on.'
'Dan is gone but the story of his life is far from over,' she said.
'These high-tech lynchings based on lies and half-truths can't be allowed to win the day.'
Johnson, who is best known for a racist comment likening Barack and Michelle Obama to monkeys, shot himself Wednesday night near a road in a secluded area.
Two days earlier, the Kentucky Center for Investigative Reporting published a story detailing allegations that he sexually assaulted a 17-year-old girl in his basement in 2013.
On Monday the paper published a graphic account quoting Maranda Richmond as saying that Johnson had sexually assaulted her in his basement on January 1, 2013.
According to court documents, Richmond was living at Heart of Fire City Church accommodations.
Richmond said the married lawmaker groped her and stuck his tongue in her mouth, then put his hand down her pants and slipped it inside her vagina.
She said she begged him to stop, but Johnson kept telling her she would like it.
 Eventually, he left and she slipped away early that morning before he woke up.
 Richmond went to the police.
 Records show investigators with the Louisville Metro Police Department recorded a phone call between Johnson and Richmond's father, Clifford, in which Johnson said he 'couldn't imagine doing that to Maranda.'
 Police documents obtained by the Kentucky Center for Investigative Reporting show a detective closed the case because Richmond would not cooperate.
 Richmond denied this, saying she never once wanted to stop the investigation.
 Richmond was friends with Johnson's daughter, Sarah, and a member of the church where he was the pastor.
 The story prompted state leaders of both major political parties to call for his resignation, and authorities reopened the investigation that had been closed without charges.
 The accusations came amid a sexual harassment scandal involving other Republican lawmakers at the state Capitol.
 Nationwide, a growing number of celebrities, politicians and businessmen have been accused of sexual misconduct in recent months, leading many to lose their jobs or resign.
 Johnson, who pastors a church in Louisville and has at times been called 'the pope', held a news conference from his pulpit on Tuesday, defiantly denying the allegations.
Kentucky rep, gun-toting preacher commits suicide amid sexual assault accusations
Kentucky state Rep. Dan Johnson, who had built a reputation for himself as a gun-toting, motorcycle-riding preacher, committed suicide on Wednesday following allegations that he molested an underage girl and other crimes.
Details of Johnson's alleged misbehavior were uncovered by the Kentucky Center for Investigative Reporting, a Louisville-based journalism non-profit, in an expos챕 called The Pope's Long Con.
The report detailed Johnson as embroiled in a web of lies and deceit and described his role in a mysterious fire and the sexual misconduct.
According to the report, Johnson allegedly molested a 17-year-old girl staying at a living area of the Heart of Fire City Church where he was a pastor.
The teen told authorities that he approached her on New Year's Eve in 2012 while she slept.
He was drunk, started to kiss her and fondled her under her clothes.
Although police did not charge him with a crime after the teen reported it in 2013, they re-opened an investigation into the matter on Tuesday.
Following the news, the Republican Party of Kentucky and leaders of the House Republican Caucus called for Johnson to resign.
Despite the calls, Johnson held a press conference where he refused to step down and then dismissed the report as "fake news" in a suicide note posted to Facebook.
Deputies with the Bullitt County Sheriff's Office found Johnson's body in front of his car on the bridge where he had killed himself.
 The county coroner determined Johnson died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head.
 The news report raised doubt about Johnson's personal history such as documents claiming he performed miracles on mission trips, set up safe zones during the 1992 LA riots, served as chaplain in the White House under Presidents Bill Clinton and Geor
 He boasted about these acts during his campaign last year, but no record or person could corroborate his story.
 The report also cast doubt on Johnson's claim that he witnessed the 9/11 attacks in New York, served as a clergy following the chaos and set up morgues in the rubble.
 To support his story, Johnson shared an image of him posing with then Mayor Rudy Giuliani at ground zero and state records listing him as receiving New York workers' compensation.
 Yet, city officials and public documents failed to support his narrative.
 Johnson shared the aforementioned details with Guns.com in brief interviews and even appeared in the book We The People.
 In June 2016, Guns.com published his famous "gun choir" in a video in which he sang Amazing Grace with members of his congregation while sporting pistols and rifles.
 Michael Skoler, the president of Louisville Public Media, which owns the Kentucky Center for Investigative Reporting, released a statement saying how sorry they were to hear of Johnson's death.
 He defended his center's article: "Our aim, as always, is to provide the public with fact-based, un3 reporting and hold public officials accountable for their actions."
Kentucky Lawmaker Kills Self After Sexual Assault Allegations Made Public
A Kentucky state representative committed suicide Wednesday, two days after allegations he sexually assaulted a teenage girl were made public.
According to Sheriff Donnie Tinnell of Bullitt County, Republican Rep. Dan Johnson killed himself on a bridge in Mount Washington, Kentucky.
The coroner said he "died of a single gunshot wound" and determined it was "a probable suicide."
Police were alerted after Johnson posted a suicide note on Facebook.
Officers pinged his cell phone and found his body next to his car.
The lawmaker's death comes after the Kentucky Center for Investigative reporting published an expose Monday detailing an allegation that Johnson had sexually assaulted a 17-year-old parishioner from the church where he was bishop.
The alleged incident occurred after a New Year's Eve party in 2012.
The parishioner, now 21, said that in the early hours of Jan. 1, 2013, after a New Year's Eve party at the church, she and Mr. Johnson's daughter slept over at an apartment below the fellowship hall.
After falling asleep on a sofa, she said, she woke up to find Mr. Johnson - who was drunk after going to a bar earlier in the night - kneeling over her.
He proceeded to kiss her, grope her breasts under her shirt, put his hand down her pants and penetrate her with his finger, she said.
 The woman reported the assault to the Louisville Metro Police Department within months of the episode, but no charges were filed.
 However, her account was corroborated by family members, by her therapist's notes from the first half of 2013 and by Facebook messages she exchanged with Mr. Johnson, the Kentucky Center for Investigative Reporting wrote.
 (New York Times)
 Johnson denied the allegations earlier this week, saying at a press conference: "This allegation concerning this lady, this young girl, absolutely has no merit, these are unfounded accusations, totally."
 He went on to argue the allegation against him was, in part, politically motivated-that the woman was a supporter of Hillary Clinton who opposed his conservative beliefs.
 "This is an assault on all real people, there's no perfect people and you get into office and all of sudden political hacks come against you and start accusing you after you're in office," Johnson said.
 Mac Brown, chairman of the Republican Party of Kentucky, called on him to resign after the investigative report, which he called "extensively sourced."
 "[O]nce again find ourselves in a position where we must call for him to resign, this time, from the Kentucky General Assembly," Brown said in a statement.


Top US politician Dan Johnson kills himself following Facebook post slamming 'judge and jury fake news' after being accused of raping his daughter's 17-year-old pal
A TOP politician killed himself after leaving a Facebook post slamming accusations that he raped his daughter's teenage friend.
Kentucky state representative Dan Johnson died of a single gunshot wound after stopping his car in a secluded part of Mount Washington, the coroner said.
Johnson, also the leader of the Heart of Fire Church, denied the accusations reported by the Kentucky Center for Investigative Reporting.
The story accused Johnson, a Republican who was a firm supporter of President Donald Trump, of having molested a member of his church.
The woman said she was aged 17 at the time of the alleged incident in the church basement.
She claimed Johnson crept into the room while she was sleeping beside his daughter and groped and penetrated her against her will.
Police had been searching for Johnson after someone read a post on his Facebook page and became concerned.
In the post, written on Wednesday, Johnson paid tribute to his family, saying he had suffered post-traumatic stress disorder for 16 years - "a sickness that will take my life".
He wrote: "The accusations from NPR are false GOD and only GOD knows the truth, nothing is the way they make it out to be.
AMERICA will not survive this type of judge and jury fake news."
 At a press conference on Tuesday, Johnson linked the accusations to similar allegations against the Alabama Republican Roy Moore, who was defeated in a special Senate election that day, saying they were part of a nationwide strategy to defeat conser
 Michael Skoler, president of Louisville Public Media, which owns the Kentucky Center for Investigative Reporting, told the Washington Post everyone at the organisation is "deeply sad."
 Skoler added: "Our aim, as always, is to provide the public with fact-based, un3 reporting and hold public officials accountable for their actions.
 "As part of our process, we reached out to Representative Johnson numerous times over the course of a seven-month investigation.
 "He declined requests to talk about our findings."
 Kentucky Republican Gov.
 Matt Bevin wrote on Twitter: "Saddened to hear of tonight's death of KY Representative Dan Johnson.
 "My heart breaks for his family tonight ...
 These are heavy days in Frankfort and in America ... May God indeed shed His grace on us all ... We sure need it..."
 We pay for your stories!
Kentucky Lawmaker Shoots Himself Following Sexual Harassment Allegations
The Republican politician, a father of five, had previously battled bipartisan calls to resign following allegations of sexual assault.
This Wednesday, Kentucky state representative Dan Johnson was found dead by a bridge in Mount Washington with a "single gunshot wound" to the head, according to Bullitt County Coroner Dave Billings.
According to Billings, the nature of the injury indicates that the lawmaker's death was a "probable suicide", though the results of the autopsy are still pending.
Kentucky police were searching for Johnson after they were made aware of a troubling, now-deleted Facebook post he had written, in which he addressed the sexual assault allegations that were made against him and said that he "cannot handle it any lon
"The accusations from NPR are false GOD and only GOD knows the truth, nothing is the way they make it out to be.
AMERICA will not survive this type of judge and jury fake news," the post read.
"IT Has Won This Life.
BUT HEAVEN IS MY HOME."
Earlier this week, the Kentucky Center for Investigative Reporting (KyCIR) released an expose on the Republican lawmaker that featured sexual assault accusations by Maranda Richmond, a female friend of Johnson's daughter.
Richmond accused Johnson of forcing himself on her as well as groping her breasts and genitals during a New Years Eve party in 2013, when she was 17 years old.
 The young woman claimed that she was woken up by Johnson, who forcefully kissed her, slipped his hands under her shirt and bra and then penetrated her vagina with his fingers.
 Following the KyCIR report, the state leaders of the Republican and Democratic parties called on Johnson to resign.
 Acting Speaker of the Kentucky House of Representatives David Osborne described the expose as "compelling and deeply troubling."
 Speaking to a press conference at his church this Tuesday, Johnson denied the accusations and declared that he will not resign.
 "This allegation concerning this lady, this young girl, absolutely has no merit, these are unfounded accusations, totally," Johnson said.
 Following his apparent suicide, KyCIR issued a statement, cited by the Washington Post, that the station was "deeply sad" to learn about Johnson's death.
 "Our Kentucky Center for Investigative Reporting released a report on Johnson this week.
 Our aim, as always, is to provide the public with fact-based, un3 reporting and hold public officials accountable for their actions," the statement read.
 READ MORE: Trump Should Resign Over Accusations of Sexual Misconduct - US Senator
 Kentucky's Governor Matt Bevin tweeted that he was "saddened to hear" about the lawmaker's death.
Trump campaign consultant took data about millions of users without their knowledge
Facebook's recent suspension of Cambridge Analytica, a data analytics firm that played a key role in President Trump's 2016 campaign, highlights the rapid rise of a company that claimed it had reached new heights in marrying the art of political pers
Four years after the company began offering Republican political candidates the promise of groundbreaking tools for delivering political messages tailored to the psychological traits of voters, serious questions remain about its tactics and effective
What is clear is that the services Cambridge Analytica offered are increasingly coveted by modern political campaigns.
Yet Facebook users had few indications of how their personal data was collected, refashioned and deployed on behalf of candidates.
A Cambridge University professor working for Cambridge Analytica in 2014 created an app, called Thisisyourdigitallife, that offered personality predictions and billed itself on Facebook as "a research app used by psychologists."
The professor, a Russian American named Aleksandr Kogan, used the app to gain access to demographic information - including the names of users, their "likes," friend lists, and other data.
Once obtained by Cambridge Analytica, political campaigns could use those profiles to target users with highly tailored messages, ads or fundraising requests.
Facebook said 270,000 people downloaded the app.
But people familiar with how such systems work - including a former Cambridge Analytica employee - said the app would have given Cambridge access to information on the friends of each of those people, a number that almost certainly reached into the t
The Observer of London and the New York Times reported Saturday that Cambridge Analytica had gained access to information on 50 million Facebook users, citing internal documents and interviews with former employees and associates.
 Facebook declined to confirm or deny this number.
 It issued a statement noting its past actions to limit access to this kind of personal information, which, until changes were made in 2014 and 2015, was routinely available about any users who did not explicitly act to prevent the release of what "l
 "In 2014, after hearing feedback from the Facebook community, we made an update to ensure that each person decides what information they want to share about themselves, including their friend list," the statement said.
 Facebook on Friday banned Kogan, the parent company of Cambridge Analytica and a former Cambridge employee for improperly sharing the data and failing to destroy it after concerns arose about it in 2015.
 Facebook had asked the parties back then to certify they would not abuse data, but it did not take further action beyond that warning.
 Despite Facebook's concerns in 2015, the social network continued to work with Cambridge Analytica.
 During the presidential election, Facebook employees assisting Donald Trump's digital operation worked in the same office as Cambridge Analytica workers, according to a video by the BBC.
 One former Cambridge employee, Joseph Chancellor, continues to work at Facebook as a user-experience researcher, according to Facebook's public website.
 Some critics said Facebook's actions on Friday were an insufficient response to a far-reaching data grab that had informed the decision-making of multiple political operations.
 Trump's campaign paid Cambridge Analytica at least $6 million for data analysis in the final five months of a close election.
Data Firm Tied to Trump Campaign Talked Business With Russians
Lukoil was interested in how data was used to target American voters, according to two former company insiders who said there were at least three meetings with Lukoil executives in London and Turkey.
SCL and Lukoil denied that the talks were political in nature, and SCL also said there were no meetings in London.
The contacts took place as Cambridge Analytica was building a roster of Republican political clients in the United States - and harvesting the Facebook profiles of over 50 million users to develop tools it said could analyze voters' behavior.
Cambridge Analytica also included extensive questions about Russia's president, Vladimir V. Putin, in surveys it was carrying out in American focus groups in 2014.
It is not clear what - or which client - prompted the line of questioning, which asked for views on topics ranging from Mr. Putin's popularity to Russian expansionism.
On two promotional documents obtained by The New York Times, SCL said it did business in Russia.
In both documents, the country is highlighted on world maps that specify the location of SCL clients, with one of the maps noting that the clients were for the firm's elections division.
In a statement, SCL said an employee had done "commercial work" about 25 years ago "for a private company in Russia."
Cambridge Analytica has been a political flash point since its role in the Trump campaign attracted scrutiny after the election.
While Mr. Nix's firm turned over some records to the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence during its investigation of Russian interference, Democrats on the committee want a fuller review.
 "It is imperative to interview a broader range of individuals employed by or linked to Cambridge Analytica," they said in a report this month.
 Asked about the Russian oil company, a spokesman for SCL said that in 2014 the firm's commercial division "discussed helping Lukoil Turkey better engage with its loyalty-card customers at gas stations."
 The spokesman said SCL was not ultimately hired.
 Arash Repac, chief executive of Lukoil Eurasia Petrol, offered a different explanation for the talks.
 He said that a meeting he attended with SCL in Turkey involved a promotional campaign with local soccer teams.
 "We needed somebody to guide us with the customer data that we were collecting," he wrote in response to a question from The Times.
 "Even though our campaign went ahead, we decided not to cooperate with SCL.
 No contracts were signed."
 But Christopher Wylie, who helped found Cambridge Analytica and develop the company's voter-profiling technology, said Lukoil showed interest in how the company used data to tailor messaging to American voters.
 "I remember being super confused," said Mr. Wylie, who took part in one of the Lukoil meetings.
Senate Judiciary Dem calls on Zuckerberg to testify before committee
Sen. Amy Klobuchar Amy Jean KlobucharOvernight Health Care: Trump eases rules on insurance outside ObamaCare | HHS office on religious rights gets 300 complaints in a month | GOP chair eyes opioid bill vote by Memorial Day Overnight Regulation: Trump
"Facebook breach: This is a major breach that must be investigated.
It's clear these platforms can't police themselves.
I've called for more transparency & accountability for online political ads.
They say "trust us."
Mark Zuckerberg needs to testify before Senate Judiciary," Klobuchar, a member of the committee, wrote on Twitter.
Her comment came in response to the news that  Cambridge Analytica, the data firm used by the Trump campaign, obtained private information of more than 50 million people without their permission for campaign uses.
It was also reported that senior members of Cambridge Analytica met with Russian business executives ahead of the 2016 campaign.
Facebook suspended the group on Friday for not fully deleting all of the data it had obtained.
Klobucar also said that Cambridge Analytica taking data on Facebook users is further justification for regulating technology companies via her Honest Ads Act.
 She introduced the bill in late 2017, which would hold internet platforms like Facebook to similar political ad disclosure standards as radio, TV and print outlets.
 Sen. Mark Warner Mark Robert WarnerLawmakers worry about rise of fake video technology Mueller indictment reveals sophisticated Russian manipulation effort GOP cautious, Dems strident in reaction to new indictments MORE (D-Va.) who co-sponsored the 
 "Whether it's allowing Russians to purchase political ads, or extensive micro-targeting based on ill-gotten user data, it's clear that, left unregulated, this market will continue to be prone to deception and lacking in transparency," he said in a s
 "This is another strong indication of the need for Congress to quickly pass the Honest Ads Act to bring transparency and accountability to online political advertisements."
 Facebook's general counsel, Colin Stretch, testified in front of the Judiciary Committee alongside top lawyers from Google and Twitter, at the end of October about Russian manipulation on its platform.
 At the time, some lawmakers said that they would also like to see top executives from the firm appear before Congress.
 The social media platform has already been under increased scrutiny after it was revealed that Russian actors potentially linked to Russia spent $100,000 on political advertisements on the site during the presidential campaign.
 Facebook has been cooperating with investigators.
 The information about the ads was handed to Congress and special counsel Robert Mueller Robert Swan MuellerSasse: US should applaud choice of Mueller to lead Russia probe MORE for their investigations into Russian interference in the election.

Trump-linked Cambridge Analytica tapped 50M Facebook profiles
A data analysis firm employed by President Donald Trump's 2016 campaign tapped the Facebook profiles of more than 50 million users without their permission.
The move allowed Cambridge Analytica to capitalize on the private social media activity of a large portion of the U.S. electorate, developing techniques that underpinned its work on President Trump's campaign in 2016, according to two major reports o
One of the largest data leaks in Facebook history allowed Cambridge Analytica, which had ties to Trump campaign strategist Steve Bannon, to develop techniques that formed the basis of its work on the Trump campaign, The New York Times and The Guardia
Facebook said it has suspended Cambridge Analytica- it has also suspended University of Cambridge psychology professor Aleksandr Kogan who created the harvesting app in question; and another individual, Christopher Wylie of Eunoia Technologies (previ
Wylie, former Cambride Analytica worker, turned whistleblower has become a focal point in the illegitimate acquisitions of the 50million Facebook profiles and user data.
Wylie, who is now just 28-years-old, and arguably a tech prodigy, told the Guardian he has a paper trail of the harvested 50million-user data, along with receipts, invoices, emails and legal letters - that all support how between June and August of 2
Most damning of all, in 2014, he had a letter from Facebook's own lawyers admitting that Cambridge Analytica had acquired the data illegitimately.
By opening up his records during the time of his employment with Cambridge Analytica, he is breaking a non-disclosure agreement and risks being sued.
Additionally, he is breaking the confidence of Steve Bannon and Robert Mercer, the CEO of Cambridge Analytica.
In 2014, Bannon had become a board member for Cambridge Analytica, and went on to become Trump's chief campaign strategist.
 Facebook said it suspended Cambridge Analytica over allegations that it kept the improperly obtained user data after telling Facebook it had been deleted.
 In a blog post, Facebook explained that Cambridge Analytica had years ago received user data from a Facebook app that purported to be a psychological research tool, though the firm was not authorized to have the information.
 Cambridge Analytica later certified in 2015 that it had destroyed the information it had received, according to Facebook, although the social network said it received reports 'several days ago' that not all the data was deleted.
 Facebook says it is investigating.
 Cambridge Analytica denied wrongdoing in a statement.
 It said the parent company's SCL Elections unit hired Kogan to undertake 'a large scale research project in the U.S.,' but subsequently deleted all data it received from Kogan's company after learning that Kogan had obtained data in violation of Fac
 According to Cambridge Analytica's parent company, SCL Elections, the firm said none of Kogan's data was used in its 2016 election work for the 'avoidance of doubt.'
 Kogan did not immediately reply to an emailed request for comment.
 Wylie could not immediately be located.
 The Facebook blog post, written by deputy general counsel Paul Grewal, cited the 'public prominence' of Cambridge Analytica, called the alleged data retention an 'unacceptable violation of trust' and said the social network will take legal action if
Facebook faces new calls for regulation
Facebook faces new calls for regulation from within US Congress and was hit with questions about personal data safeguards after reports that a political consultant gained inappropriate access to 50 million users' data starting in 2014.
Facebook disclosed the issue in a blog post on Friday, hours before media reports that conservative-leaning Cambridge Analytica, a data company known for its work on Donald Trump's 2016 presidential campaign, was given access to the data and may not 
The scrutiny presented a new threat to Facebook's reputation, which was already under attack over Russia's alleged use of Facebook tools to sway American voters before and after the 2016 US elections.
"It's clear these platforms can't police themselves," Democratic US Senator Amy Klobuchar tweeted.
"They say 'trust us.'
Mark Zuckerberg needs to testify before Senate Judiciary," she added, referring to Facebook's CEO and a committee she sits on.
Facebook said the root of the problem was that researchers and Cambridge Analytica lied to it and abused its policies, but critics have thrown the blame at Facebook as well, demanding answers on behalf of users and calling for new regulation.
Facebook insisted the data was misused but not stolen, because users gave permission, sparking a debate about what constitutes a hack that must be disclosed to customers.
"The lid is being opened on the black box of Facebook's data practices, and the picture is not pretty," said Frank Pasquale, a University of Maryland law professor who has written about Silicon Valley's use of data.
Pasquale said Facebook's response that data had not technically been stolen seemed to obfuscate the central issue that data was apparently used in a way contrary to the expectations of users.
 Democratic US Senator Mark Warner said the episode bolstered the need for new regulations about internet advertising, describing the industry as the "Wild West."
 "Whether it's allowing Russians to purchase political ads, or extensive micro-targeting based on ill-gotten user data, it's clear that, left unregulated, this market will continue to be prone to deception and lacking in transparency," he said.
 With Republicans controlling the Senate's majority, though, it was not clear if Klobuchar and Warner would prevail.
 The New York Times and London's Observer reported that private information from more than 50 million Facebook users improperly ended up in the hands of Cambridge Analytica, and the information has not been deleted despite Facebook's demands beginnin
 Some 270,000 people allowed use of their data by a researcher, who scraped the data of all their friends as well, a move allowed by Facebook until 2015.
 The researcher sold the data to Cambridge, which was against Facebook rules, the newspapers said.
 Cambridge Analytica worked on Trump's 2016 campaign.
 A Trump campaign official said, though, that it used Republican data sources, not Cambridge Analytica, for its voter information.
 Facebook, in a series of written statements, said its policies had been broken by Cambridge Analytica and researchers and that it was exploring legal action.
 Cambridge Analytica in turn said it had deleted all the data and that the company supplying it had been responsible for obtaining it.
Trump-linked Cambridge Analytica suspended from Facebook after 'harvesting 50 million profiles'
A data analytics firm that worked with Donald Trump's election team has been suspended from Facebook amid claims it harvested 50 million profiles from the social media site.
Cambridge Analytica got information from an academic who was asking Facebook users to fill out surveys via an app as it sought to develop an effective campaigning tool.
Around 270,000 Facebook users download the app but it allowed for information about hundreds of their online friends to be obtained without consent, a whistleblower claimed.
Christopher Wylie, the former research director at Cambridge Analytica, went public about the alleged behaviour after admitting regret over his involvement.
"It allowed us to move into the hearts and minds of American voters in a way that had never been done before," Mr Wylie told Channel 4 News.
Elizabeth Denham, the Information Commissioner, said she would be "investigating the circumstances in which Facebook data may have been illegally acquired and used".














Maura Healey to probe Brit data firm
Massachusetts Attorney General Maura Healey is launching a probe into British-based Cambridge Analytica, a data-analysis firm that worked for President Trump's 2016 campaign, over allegations that it held onto improperly obtained user data after tell
"Massachusetts residents deserve answers immediately from Facebook and Cambridge Analytica," Healey said in a post on Twitter yesterday.
"We are launching an investigation."
Healey's office has already reached out to Facebook to determine what data was accessed, how it was used, and whether Bay State residents were impacted.
Healey's announcement came hours after the social network issued a blog post explaining its decision to suspended the firm.
Years ago, Facebook said, Cambridge Analytica received user data from a Facebook app that purported to be a psychological research tool, though the firm wasn't authorized to have that information.
About 270,000 people downloaded the app and shared their personal details with it, Facebook said.
Cambridge Analytica later certified in 2015 that it had destroyed the information that it received, according to Facebook, although the social network said it received reports "several days ago" that not all of the data was deleted.
While it investigates the matter, Facebook has also suspended the access of Cambridge Analytica's parent company, Strategic Communication Laboratories; the academic who created the app in question, a University of Cambridge psychology professor named
Exactly why the handling of this data warranted both suspension and Facebook's unusual public explanation of the move wasn't clear.
 The blog post, written by Facebook deputy general counsel Paul Grewal, cited the "public prominence" of Cambridge Analytica, called the alleged data retention an "unacceptable violation of trust" and said the social network will take legal action if
 In a statement, a Cambridge Analytica spokesman denied any wrongdoing.
 He said the parent company's SCL Elections unit hired Kogan to undertake "a large-scale research project in the U.S.," but later learned that he had obtained data in violation of Facebook policies, and subsequently deleted all data it received from 
 For the "avoidance of doubt," the spokesman said, none of Kogan's data was used in Cambridge Analytica's 2016 election work.
 Kogan did not immediately reply to an emailed request for comment.
 Wylie could not immediately be located.
 Cambridge Analytica CEO Alexander Nix also disclosed in November that the company reached out to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange during the campaign to request emails related to the Hillary Clinton campaign.
 Nix said Assange said no.


Facebook, Establishment Media Spar over Data Obtained by Cambridge Analytica
Facebook recently banned Strategic Communication Laboratories, the parent company of Cambridge Analytica, from using their platform.
According to Facebook, the data analytics firm - which played a key role in the Trump and Brexit campaigns - improperly obtained user data from University of Cambridge psychologist Aleksandr Kogan.
Although Kogan obtained the data from Facebook in accordance with their policies, the social media company claims that he then passed the data to Cambridge Analytica, and to Christopher Wylie, an employee of Eunoia Technologies.
Kogan and Wylie have also been banned from Facebook.
Facebook conceded that Kogan "gained access to this information in a legitimate way and through the proper channels that governed all developers on Facebook at that time," but said that by passing the data to third parties "he did not subsequently ab
Nevertheless, The Observer, a British newspaper owned by the left-leaning Guardian Media Group, claimed that Cambridge Analytica's use of the data constituted "one of the tech giant's biggest ever data breaches."
The New York Times also framed the incident as a "breach" and a "data leak."
Facebook strongly disputes this version of events.
According to The Observer, the social media giant's lawyers warned the newspaper that their claims were "false and defamatory," and reserved their legal position.
The New York Times and Observer stories are based on the testimony of Christopher Wylie, a former Cambridge Analytica employee who left the company in 2014 - two years before the 2016 election.
 When asked if his use of Facebook data constituted a "hack," Wylie told The Observer that he assumed that it was all "entirely legal and above board."
 Cambridge Analytica CEO Alexander Nix was previously questioned by British politicians on his company's role in Brexit at the Trump campaign.
 Nix has said that his company uses "data and technology to engage with voters in a more informed and relevant way.
 That can only be good for politics and democracy."
 The company is partially owned by the family of hedge fund manager Robert Mercer.
 Former Breitbart News executive director Stephen K. Bannon previously worked as vice president of Cambridge Analytica's board.
 The company worked for the presidential campaigns of both Sen. Ted Cruz and Donald Trump.
 In a statement, Cambridge Analytica denied that they had knowingly breached Facebook's terms of service.
 "Cambridge Analytica fully complies with Facebook's terms of service and is currently in touch with Facebook following its recent statement that it had suspended the company from its platform, in order to resolve this matter as quickly as possible" 
 "Cambridge Analytica's Commercial and Political divisions use social media platforms for outward marketing, delivering data-led and creative content to targeted audiences.
Trump Campaign Purloined Data Of 50 Million Facebook Users
Cambridge Analytica, the Trump campaign's data firm, harvested private information from more than 50 million unwitting Facebook users in what is being described as one of the largest data breaches in the social media giant's history.
That data - taken without authorization - was used to build a digital operation that guided Trump's campaign for the presidency, according to a pair of bombshell reports published Saturday by the New York Times and The Observer of London.
The revelation that a firm working for a U.S. presidential candidate stole personal data from millions of Americans has sparked outcry across the country.
Within hours of being published, the explosive reports had already prompted at least one state attorney general to launch an investigation into the allegedly fraudulent practices.
But Trump, whose campaign paid Cambridge Analytica nearly $6 million for its work, has not said a word about the massive scandal engulfing the data company that the campaign once touted as integral to Trump's victory.
His silence on the matter raises a host of startling questions, particularly given that he has already started making moves to organize his re-election campaign - and until he says otherwise, it's reasonable to wonder if he plans to rely on the firm 
The Trump campaign hired Cambridge Analytica in June 2016.
Jared Kushner, who was in charge of overseeing then-candidate Trump's digital operations, brought the data firm into the campaign - a decision that was reportedly cheered on by Steve Bannon, a former vice president of Cambridge Analytica.
The data firm, which has always been shrouded in secrecy, later came under scrutiny amid a number of alarming revelations, including a report that Cambridge Analytica's CEO had reached outto WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange in an effort to obtain Hil
In another instance, Cambridge Analytica reportedly offered to help WikiLeaks organize emails that had been hacked from the DNC and Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta to make them more accessible to readers.
 Amid all of these revelations, Trump has remained silent.
 While his campaign has quietly tried to distance itself from the data firm, no one has given any indication that they have a problem with the allegedly fraudulent - and potentially illegal - practices that were used to help Trump win the presidency.
 And if Trump doesn't see a problem with the company's practices, there's no reason to believe that he won't use them again in 2020 - that is, if special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation doesn't put an end to them first.







Facebook user data breach as '50 MILLION profiles were used to predict and influence US voters'
A DATA analysis firm employed by President Donald Trump's 2016 campaign reportedly tapped the Facebook profiles of more than 50 million users without their permission.
The data leak allowed Cambridge Analytica, which had ties to Trump campaign strategist Steve Bannon, to capitalise on social media activity of a large portion of the U.S. electorate, The New York Times and The Guardian reported.
Facebook said it suspended Cambridge Analytica over allegations that it kept the improperly obtained user data after telling Facebook it had been deleted.
In a blog post, the social network explained that the firm had received user data from a Facebook app that purported to be a psychological research tool, though the firm was not authorised to have the information.
Roughly 270,000 people downloaded and shared personal details with the app.
Cambridge Analytica later certified in 2015 that it had destroyed the information it had received, according to Facebook, although the social network said it received reports "several days ago" that not all the data was deleted.
Facebook says it is investigating.
Facebook has also suspended the access of Cambridge Analytica's parent company, Strategic Communication Laboratories; University of Cambridge psychology professor Aleksandr Kogan, the academic who created the app in question; and another individual, 
Cambridge Analytica denied wrongdoing in a statement, saying the parent company's SCL Elections unit hired Kogan to undertake "a large scale research project in the US," but subsequently deleted all data it received from Kogan's company after learnin
The firm said none of Kogan's data was used in its 2016 election work for the "avoidance of doubt."
 Kogan did not immediately reply to an emailed request for comment.
 Wylie could not immediately be located.
 Cambridge Analytica - which claims to build psychological profiles based on personal details from millions of Americans to categorise individual voters - is best known for its political work during the 2016 US presidential campaign.
 But Trump's campaign Saturday denied using the firm's data, saying it relied on the Republican National Committee for its data.
 The firm had secured a $15 million investment from billionaire Robert Mercer - who supported the Trump campaign - and wooed Bannon with the promise of tools that could identify the personalities of American voters and influence their behaviour, it's
 But Cambridge Analytica did not have the data to make its new products work, so the firm harvested private information from the Facebook profiles of more than 50 million users without their permission.
 A representative for Bannon did not immediately respond to an email seeking comment.
 The company has surfaced in the U.S. probes into Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election.
 British officials are also investigating the firm in connection with the June 2016 EU referendum.
 We pay for your stories!
Bombshell new report says British data firm that promoted Trump worked for Russians in 2014
Controversial British firm Cambridge Analytica is back in the news this week after being kicked off Facebook for misusing personal information culled from users.
A just-released report from the New York Times could make a bad week worse.
The report finds that the company had contacts with Russians about targeting American voters going back to 2014.
This contradicts what the company told a government inquisition in February.
"As far as I'm aware, we've never worked for a Russian company," the company's head, Alexander Nix, told the British Parliament.
"We've never worked with a Russian organization in Russia or any other country, and we don't have any relationship with Russia or Russian individuals."
According to the Times, executives from Lukoil, the Russian oil giant with close ties to Vladimir Putin, approached the company about influencing elections during three meetings in 2014 and 2015.
And the company appears to have acted on those meetings.
"Cambridge Analytica also included extensive questions about Russia's president, Vladimir V. Putin, in surveys it was carrying out in American focus groups in 2014," the Times story says.
"It is not clear what - or which client - prompted the line of questioning, which asked for views on topics ranging from Mr. Putin's popularity to Russian expansionism."
 Cambridge Analytica has pushed back on Twitter, with a statement that appears to question the creditability of the Times sources.









Facebook Suspends Trump Data Firm for Harvesting Private Information of Users
We've been promised by Google, Facebook, and other social sites that our personal information is protected and that when some of our information is provided to third parties, our identity will never be made known.
But now we have an example of just how disingenuous those promises are.
Facebook has just suspended Strategic Communication Laboratories (SCL) and Cambridge Analytica for violating its privacy policies.
These companies worked with President Trump's 2016 campaign, using Facebook and other social media to target ads at voters much more effectively than the Clinton campaign.
Cambridge Analytica, which is owned by hedge fund billionaire Robert Mercer, has been using Facebook as a tool to build psychological profiles that represent some 230 million adult Americans and is being accused by Facebook of revealing the private i
While these companies utilized the tools that Facebook created for their advertisers to do much the same targeting, they are accused of going further and violating Facebook's terms of service.
Facebook Deputy General Counsel Paul Grewal explained that SCL worked with Aleksandr Kogan, a psychology professor at the University of Cambridge, who developed "Thisisyourdigitallife," an app that enticed Facebook users to reveal more about their pe
According to the New York Times, questions like these were asked: "Do you panic easily?
Do you often feel blue?
Do you have a sharp tongue?
 Do you get chores done right away?
 Do you believe in the importance of art?"
 "If ever you've answered questions like these on one of the free personality quizzes floating around Facebook, you'll have learned what's known as your Ocean score: How you rate according to the big five psychological traits of Openness, Conscientio
 More than a quarter of a million Facebook users downloaded the app and logged in through Facebook, which gave Kogan personal information, including where they lived, their likes and dislikes, and information about their friends.
 Kogan, in turn, provided the personal information to a data harvesting company, Eunoia Technologies, in violation of Facebook rules that forbid app developers from sharing users' personal information.
 This data was then shared with SCL/Cambridge Analytica to target Facebook users during the election campaign.
 When Facebook discovered the violation of their policy, they asked Kogan to verify that the personal data he collected was destroyed and simply took him at his word that it was.
 Facebook just learned that, in fact, the data was not deleted as requested, and so they suspended SCL/Cambridge Analytica, Wylie, an intermediary, and Kogan from Facebook, pending further investigation.
 Cambridge Analytica released a statement claiming that it deleted all of its data after learning that Global Science Research did not comply with Facebook's terms of service and that it is working with the social media company to "resolve this matte

What President Trump doesn't get about the NFL
At a political rally for Sen. Luther Strange (R-Ala.), President Trump called on NFL owners to fire players who kneel during the national anthem as a form of protest.
Editor's note: This video contains strong language.
(Reuters)
At a political rally for Sen. Luther Strange (R-Ala.), President Trump called on NFL owners to fire players who kneel during the national anthem as a form of protest.
Editor's note: This video contains strong language.
(Reuters)
How the NFL responds to Donald Trump's spit-foaming is hardly a test case for whether the republic will stand.
Nevertheless, the league is a maker of manners in this country, so it means something that Commissioner Roger Goodell and others are getting it right, striking the perfect calm but resistant tone in response to Trump's gutter-mouthing, a tone that sa
The NFL, faced with whether to play to the basest instincts of the audience, declined.
It adhered to civility.
 The league is apparently unifying around the notion that, whatever side you may be on in the siege-controversy over NFL players kneeling during the anthem to protest racial injustice, whether you see it as a matter of patriotism, activism or some ta
 [Trump turns sports into a political battleground with comments on NFL and Steph Curry]
 Who knows what Trump's real gripe is with the NFL.
 Maybe he's still angry that owners denied him entry to their club years ago.
 Or maybe Colin Kaepernick's mute but unrepentant protest really arouses his spittle.
 Or maybe he's just creating an "Are you not entertained!"
 circus-maximus spectacle by bull-baiting a wealthy league that is easy to resent by cash-strapped, job-insecure fans.
 Regardless, Trump misreads what Americans love about the NFL.
 It's beloved not so much for its violence or crudity, but rather the skill that results in violence averted.
 It's a game, ultimately, of restraint.
The President Demands Silence From Colin Kaepernick
President Trump showed an awkward sense of timing in denouncing Colin Kaepernick, the former Super Bowl quarterback who last season began kneeling during the national anthem to protest police injustice against minorities.
He tweeted on Saturday:
His demand for Mr. Kaepernick's silence came two days after The New York Times reported on another form of silence that comes with the privilege of dedicating your life, breaking your body and soul, to be in the N.F.L.
Doctors, it said, had found a severe level of the degenerative brain disease chronic traumatic encephalopathy, or C.T.E., in Aaron Hernandez, the 27-year-old former New England Patriot who committed suicide in April while imprisoned on a murder sente
His brain showed the kind of damage usually seen in players in their 60s.
C.T.E.
's toll on players' health - a recent survey found C.T.E.
in the brains of 110 of 111 former N.F.L.
players examined - was of no concern to Mr. Trump.
At a political rally in Alabama on Friday, the president complained about referees penalizing teams for excessive violence.
 Demonstrating with his fists colliding, he referred to a "beautiful tackle" that earned a 15-yard penalty.
 "They're ruining the game," he said.
 He dismissed a fear that has led thousands of parents to keep their children from playing football, as casually as he disregarded the fears of Mr. Kaepernick for the safety and dignity of young black and Hispanic men off the field.
 "Wouldn't you love to see one of these N.F.L.
 owners, when somebody disrespects our flag, to say, 'Get that son of a bitch off the field right now, out, he's fired,' " he said at Friday's rally.
 Mr. Kaepernick has essentially gotten that message already from the Trump-loving owners of N.F.L.
 teams, none of whom have even offered him a backup position despite a striking level of mediocrity among even many starting quarterbacks.
 But the president was not just speaking to Mr. Kaepernick.
 His message was to anyone who would protest racial injustice or inequity.
 Shut up.
Trump: 'Standing with locked arms is good, kneeling is not acceptable'
President Trump has responded to players from multiple NFL teams kneeling or locking arms on Sunday, tweeting that taking a knee is not acceptable, and suggested the act of protest will lead to bad ratings for the league?셲 games.
Meanwhile, while one Pittsburgh team did not come out of the locker room for the anthem on Sunday, another has accepted the president's invitation to join him at the White House.
Trump tweeted that the Stanley Cup Champion Pittsburgh Penguins will be joining him at the White House, but did not provide a date.
"Great team!"
he added.
The Pittsburgh Steelers on Sunday chose not to participate in the national anthem ceremony at all at Soldier Field in Chicago for their noon game against the Chicago Bears.
Elsewhere, owners from the Atlanta Falcons, Detroit Lions, New York Jets, Miami Dolphins, Philadelphia Eagles and Jacksonville Jaguars have now joined players on the field in solidarity.
One owner, Robert Kraft of the New England Patriots, criticized Trump, who he has previously called a very good friend, saying he is "deeply disappointed" in the president?셲 comments condemning NFL players who kneel in protest during the national ant
"There is no greater unifier in this country than sports, and unfortunately, nothing more divisive than politics," Kraft said in a statement tweeted by the Patriots
"I think our political leaders could learn a lot from the lessons of teamwork and the importance of working together toward a common goal," the statement said.
 "Our players are intelligent, thoughtful, and care deeply about our community and I support their right to peacefully affect social change and raise awareness in a manner that they feel is impactful."
 The public disagreement comes only months after the Patriots made a formal visit to the White House in April during which Kraft called Trump a "very good friend."
 Kraft's comments came shortly after Trump early on Sunday morning turned his attention to NFL fans in his feud with the league over players who kneel in protest during the national anthem, saying many people "stay away" from the games "because they 
 The president also suggested that if fans refuse to go to games due to the protests, "you will see change fast."
 Trump's tweets Sunday came just a couple of hours before a series of NFL games scheduled for the day begin.
 Earlier, on Saturday night, the president slammed NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell for speaking out against Trump's condemnation of kneeling players and statement that team owners should fire those players.
 Goodell is "trying to justify the total disrespect certain players show to our country," Trump tweeted
 "Divisive comments like these demonstrate an unfortunate lack of respect for the NFL, our great game and all of our players, and a failure to understand the overwhelming force for good our clubs and players represent in our communities."
 NFL players across the league and their union -- and even some team officials -- were more direct in their response to Trump's criticism Friday night of the handful of NFL players who have kneeled or sat on the bench during the national anthem perfo
 The practice was most famously done by former San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick.
Trump's Attack On Black Athletes May Bring a League to Its Feet
If any doubts remain about the veracity of ESPN anchor Jemele Hill's assessment of Donald Trump, the president spent Friday night and much of Saturday morning lashing out at black athletes-because said attacks play straight to his white nationalist b
On Friday, while stumping in Alabama for GOP senate candidate Luther Strange, Trump diverted from his prepared remarks, as is his wont.
After a lengthy pause, Trump stared grimly into the distance, and then unleashed a winding, unhinged spiel about NFL players who kneeled during the National Anthem.
He asked the assembled crowd, "Wouldn't you love to see one of these NFL owners, when somebody disrespects our flag, to say, 'get that son of a bitch off the field right now.
He's fired.'"
The audience cheered.
Trump didn't stop there, waxing nostalgic about the NFL of yore, when men-real men-could inflict permanent damage on one another without worrying about those pesky concussive and subconcussive blows to the head and long-term cognitive diseases, sound
"They're ruining the game!"
he whinged.
Trump added that ratings had dropped, partly because fans preferred to watch him, and encouraging anyone who witnesses the free expression of political thought should flee to a preferred safe space and boycott the NFL altogether.
 "I guarantee things will stop," he said.
 "Just pick up and leave.
 Pick up and leave.
 Not the same game anymore, anyway."
 Trump's anti-NFL comments in Huntsville were just the beginning.
 On Saturday morning, shortly following a Fox & Friends segment on the Golden State Warriors' star, Stephen Curry.
 Specifically, Trump did not fancy Curry's announcement that he had no desire to be feted by the White House, and so Trump tweeted that he never wanted Curry and the rest of those mean ol' world champion Golden State Warriors to come to his party any
 Granted, as LeBron James helpfully pointed out, Curry wasn't "hesitating."
 He said outright that he had no intention of serving as Trump's grinning prop.
 Also, the insult "bum" has been dragged back into the lexicon, which is nice, given that it will probably irk Trump as much as any other (accurate) label.
Trump performs pick and roil on world of sports
Addressing an exuberant crowd in an arena Friday evening, President Trump roiled the world of sports at an event which originally had nothing to do with sports.
The rally, meant to gin up support for Sen. Luther Strange, who on Tuesday faces an uphill battle in a GOP runoff contest, took a hard turn to politics when Trump exhorted NFL team owners to fire players who kneel during the national anthem.
"Wouldn't you love to see one of these NFL owners, when somebody disrespects our flag, to say, 'Get that son of a bitch off the field right now.
He is fired.
He's fired,'" Trump declared.
Hours later Trump was back on offense, tweeting about NBA star Stephen Curry, who a day prior told reporters that he really didn't want to go to the White House if his championship-winning team, the Golden State Warriors, attended a customary White H
"Going to the White House is considered a great honor for a championship team," Trump declared in a tweet Saturday morning.
"Stephen Curry is hesitating,therefore invitation is withdrawn!"
The backlash has been fierce and widespread, including retorts from an array of players, politicians and civil rights groups.
NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell rebuked Trump over what he panned as "divisive" comments while celebrating some players' recent efforts to raise a significant amount of money for people impacted by hurricanes that have wracked the Southeast U.S.
 Trump has since fired back at Goodell, tweeting that the commissioner was tring to "justify" the "total disrespect certain players show to our country" -- players, Trump noted, who have the "privilege" to make millions of dollars.
 "Tell them to stand!"
 Trump demanded.
 The NFL Players Association declared that "it will never back down" in supporting players' rights.
 "Whether or not Roger and the owners will speak for themselves about their views on player rights and their commitment to player safety remains to be seen," NFLPA executive director DeMaurice Smith said in a statement posted to Twitter Saturday morn
 "This union, however, will never back down when it comes to protecting the constitutional rights of our players as citizens as well as their safety as men who compete in a game that exposes them to great risks."
 While a number of players also slammed the president for his attack on the NFL, including Redskins linebacker Zach Brown, who tweeted at Trump to "stay in [your] place," the Trump faithful rallied to his cause.
 For example, Fox News' Sean Hannity tweeted Saturday of the coming demise for the NFL if it and its players keep dabbling in politics.
 "If @NFL and players choose to continue to make political statements (their right) I predict fans who disagree will flee (their right also)," he said.
 Former San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick sparked the kneeling controversy last season when he took a knee during the national anthem to protest the treatment of African Americans and other minorities in the U.S.
President Trump attacks NFL players (again) and withdraws invitation to NBA's Golden State Warriors
A pro football season already rankled by lower-than-usual ratings took a sharp political turn this weekend, as President Donald Trump took aim at NFL players.
Some of the league's stars - including the still-unemployed quarterback Colin Kaepernick - have knelt during the ceremony, raised their fists or turned their backs to the U.S. flag in a bid to raise awareness to injustice, including the mistreatment 
Trump, however, unexpectedly slammed those players during a speech last night in Alabama, at one point saying of protesters: "Get that son of a bitch off the field."
Without mentioning any particular names, Trump continued the attack on Saturday, tweeting that protesting players should not have jobs in the NFL at all.
Trump's broadside quickly drew condemnation: NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell did not mention the president by name, but did say Trump's comments "demonstrate an unfortunate lack of respect for the NFL, our great game and all of our players."
Nevertheless, the new public spat could create new headaches for the league - a day before football Sunday, no less - at a time when it's already grappling with lower-than-ever ratings.
Trump's tweets targeting the NFL mark only his latest attacks against athletes who have criticized his presidency.
Earlier, Golden State Warriors star Stephen Curry said he he would not attend a ceremony at the White House honoring his team's NBA championship win - a move that led Trump to tweet that the "invitation is withdrawn."
Entering week three of the season, some of the drop-off in interest is beyond the NFL's control, such as low viewership in football hubs like Texas and Florida, the sites of major devastation after two record hurricanes.
But the league has plenty of other audience-affecting problems on its plate, from its players continued run-ins with the law for alleged domestic violence to mounting evidence about the game's grave risks to players' own health.










Players with 'privilege' to make millions in NFL should not be allowed to 'disrespect' the USA
President Trump reprised his "The Apprentice" catchphrase Saturday afternoon calling for athletes who "disrespect" the American flag and national anthem to be fired.
"If a player wants the privilege of making millions of dollars in the NFL, or other leagues, he or she should not be allowed to disrespect our Great American Flag (or Country) and should stand for the National Anthem," Trump said in a pair of tweets.
"If not, YOU'RE FIRED.
Find something else to do!"
The tweets come one day after Trump, during a rally in Alabama in support of Sen. Luther Strange, urged NFL team owners to get rid of players who kneel during the national anthem.
"Wouldn't you love to see one of these NFL owners, when somebody disrespects our flag, to say, 'Get that son of a bitch off the field right now.
He is fired.
He's fired,'" Trump said.
Though he didn't mention anyone by name Friday, Trump was referring to a recent flurry of protests to the national anthem in professional sports.
When quarterback Colin Kaepernick took a knee during the national anthem in Sept. 2016 in protest of wrongdoings against minorities, that action brought large amounts of criticism to the player, but also inspired a movement of players to follow suit.
 Trump has faced widespread condemnation for his remarks, including from NFL players, the NFL players' union and NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell.
 The president also criticized another sports star on Saturday, the NBA's Stephen Curry, and rescinded an invitation to come to the White House, after Curry said he didn't want to go.
 That too has earned a broad array of backlash, including from Lebron James.







Dallas Cowboys: Jason Garrett doesn't expect Cowboys to protest national anthem following President Trump's comments
Dallas Cowboys head coach Jason Garrett at the podium during his press conference a day after the Cowboys released Dallas Cowboys wide receiver Lucky Whitehead (13) at training camp in Oxnard, California on Tuesday, July 25, 2017.
(Vernon Bryant/The Dallas Morning News)
FRISCO -- Jason Garrett doesn't expect Cowboys players to protest the national anthem Monday night after hearing President Trump's recent criticism of those who have protested before NFL games.
The Cowboys coach had very little to say when asked during a Saturday news conference about Trump's comments Friday night.
Garrett replied "I don't" when asked if there's a need to address Trump's words with the team.
"We have an approach that we believe in," Garrett said.
"I have no real comment beyond that."
Does Garrett not have an opinion on what Trump said?
"I just don't think it's in anyone's best interest for me to comment on that," he responded.
During a rally in Alabama, Trump encouraged fans to boycott games in which they see players protesting.
 "Wouldn't you love to see one of these NFL owners, when somebody disrespects our flag, to say, 'Get that son of a bitch off the field right now, out, he's fired.
 He's fired,'" Trump said.
 "You know, some owner is going to do that.
 He's going to say, 'That guy that disrespects our flag, he's fired.'
 And that owner, they don't know it, they're friends of mine, many of them, [but] they'll be the most popular person in this country."
 Cowboys linebackers Sean Lee and Jaylon Smith were asked Saturday for their thoughts on hearing those words from the President.
 "I don't agree with his comments," Smith said.
 "But I love my team.
 Really no other comment than that.
 I don't agree with it."
President Donald Trump Slams Commish Goodell for 'Justifying' the NFL's 'Disrespect' for Our Country
On Saturday evening, Trump sent out a tweet urging the commissioner to "tell them to stand!"
"Roger Goodell of NFL just put out a statement trying to justify the total disrespect certain players show to our country," Trump tweeted on September 23.
"Tell them to stand!"
he added.
Trump's early evening tweet came several hours after a statement by the NFL chief who called the president "divisive" and said he failed to "understand the overwhelming force for good" the NFL offers the country.
The NFL commish also touted his league as fostering "unity" despite the disunity that the protests he has allowed has caused the nation.
On Saturday morning, Goodell said, "The NFL and our players are at our best when we help create a sense of unity in our country and our culture.
There is no better example than the amazing response from our clubs and players to the terrible natural disasters we've experienced over the last month.
Divisive comments like these demonstrate an unfortunate lack of respect for the NFL, our great game and all of our players, and a failure to understand the overwhelming force for good our clubs and players represent in our communities."
Goodell's statement came the morning after Trump's broadside against the NFL delivered during a Friday evening rally in Huntsville, Alabama, for Republican Senate candidate Luther Strange.
 During the September 22 rally, Trump called players who protest during the playing of the national anthem "sons of b**ches" and said he hoped NFL owners would "fire" them.









Trump doubles down on call to 'fire' NFL anthem protesters
President Trump ratcheted up his war of words with the NFL Saturday, insisting again that the league should boot players who refuse to stand during the national anthem.
"If a player wants the privilege of making millions of dollars in the NFL,or other leagues, he or she should not be allowed to disrespect .our Great American Flag (or Country) and should stand for the National Anthem.
If not, YOU'RE FIRED.
Find something else to do!"
The salvo comes after the NFL and its players' union on Saturday slammed Trump for suggesting that owners fire players who kneel during the national anthem and that fans consider walking out in protest "when somebody disrespects our flag."
"Divisive comments like these demonstrate an unfortunate lack of respect for the NFL, our great game and all of our players," the league commissioner, Roger Goodell, said in a statement.
DeMaurice Smith, executive director of the NFL Players Association, tweeted: "We will never back down.
We no longer can afford to stick to sports."
Trump on Friday said at a Alabama rally that he's hoping team owners take a hard line stance against players who take a knee during "The Star-Spangled Banner."











Teresa Kaepernick On Trump Calling Injustice Protesters Sons Of Bitches
President Donald Trump has made something of a hobby out of attacking private citizens, Colin Kaepernick among them.
During a rally held in Alabama last night, he referred to Kaepernick (among others), though not by name, saying that NFL owners should, when faced with a player kneeling during the national anthem, "get that son of a bitch off the field."
This demonstrated an already-evident dearth of intellect and a possible lack of understanding that Kaepernick is off the field due mainly if not entirely to his silent protests against police brutality.
Kaepernick's mom, Teresa, who has never shied away from expressing her beliefs on Twitter-especially when it comes to her kids-responded in the most appropriate way possible:
I called Teresa today to ask her how it feels to have the president of the United States trashing her son and his right to protest over and over again.
She made clear that she speaks only for herself, and never for Colin, but here is a conversation with Teresa, which has been lightly edited for clarity:
Deadspin: Has it stopped being interesting this year, though?
Teresa: Uh, no.
It hasn't.
You know, I always say to my husband ... we don't get too upset over most of this stuff anymore.
 He and I will look at each other and say, "We do lead an interesting life, I guess."
 I mean, how else are you gonna look at it?
 I can't be losing sleep over this kind of stuff.
 It's disappointing that Trump is the president and talks the way he talks, though.
 It's just incredibly disappointing.
 Rick and I had never been real political people, but prior to when all of the campaigning was going on, I mean, it didn't take more than a minute to realize we didn't want Donald Trump in the presidency.
 The guy is not all there, and I can't tell you how shocked we were when he won, but we have been pretty vocal about it since long before Colin took a knee.
 So, we have some pretty strong feelings about that part of things.
 To see this man that you have no respect for, basically because of all that he's done in this presidency so far, slandering my kid publicly ...
 This is the third time from the podium-always at his rallies, never at a regular press conferences where someone questioned him.
Trump Wants 'Son of a Bitch' NFL Players Fired But Colin Kaepernick-And His Mom-Are Fighting Back
At an Alabama rally Friday night President Trump lashed out at familiar targets, including Hilary Clinton and the media but also singled out a new opponent: NFL players who have held protests during the national anthem.
Trump told the Republican rally that such actions "disrespect our heritage."
"Wouldn't you love to see one of these NFL owners, when somebody disrespects our flag, to say, 'Get that son of a bitch off the field right now, out, he's fired.
He's fired,'" Trump said.
Keep up with this story and more by subscribing now
"You know, some owner is going to do that.
He's going to say, 'That guy that disrespects our flag, he's fired.'
And that owner, they don't know it [but] they'll be the most popular person in this country."
He went on to encourage spectators to boycott games where national anthem protests take place.
"But do you know what's hurting the game more than that?"
 he said.
 "When people like yourselves turn on television and you see those people taking the knee when they're playing our great national anthem.
 The only thing you could do better is if you see it, even if it's one player, leave the stadium.
 "I guarantee things will stop.
 Things will stop.
 Just pick up and leave.
 Pick up and leave.
 Not the same game anymore, anyway."
 Trump's rant did not go unnoticed-by the mother of Colin Kaepernick.
 Responding to the president's rant, Teresa Kaepernick tweeted, "Guess that makes me a proud bitch!"
Tillerson Makes A N. Korea Overture, But It Highlights His Credibility Problem
Tillerson Makes A N. Korea Overture, But It Highlights His Credibility Problem
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is ready to talk about talking to North Korea.
"We're ready to talk anytime North Korea would like to talk.
And we're ready to have the first meeting without precondition," he said, in remarks Tuesday at the Atlantic Council, a think tank in Washington, D.C.
It sounds like a chance for a diplomatic resolution to the dangerous nuclear crisis with North Korea, which has gotten tenser in recent months after North Korea's sixth nuclear test and two successful launches of intercontinental ballistic missiles.
Throughout 2017, incendiary threats and name-calling have flown from the U.S. and Pyongyang, the North Korean capital, and the U.S. policy of "maximum pressure" has led to increasing sanctions to starve North Korea of resources.
Now, the secretary of state is saying the U.S. wants to sit down with North Korean leaders.
"We can talk about the weather if you want," Tillerson said, in his overture to North Korea.
"We can talk about whether it's going to be a square table or a round table if that's what you're excited about.
But can we at least sit down and see each other face to face?
 And then we can begin to lay out a map, a road map of what we might be willing to work towards.
 I don't think - it's not realistic to say we're only going to talk if you come to the table ready to give up your program."
 Some North Korea security watchers - like Van Jackson - are skeptical.
 "I just sort of rolled my eyes," said Jackson, a former Asia specialist for the Defense Department who is now at New Zealand's Victoria University of Wellington.
 He says this is just posturing from Tillerson because the U.S. can't effectively say it wants to talk when its goal is complete, verifiable denuclearization by North Korea.
 For Pyongyang, giving up its nuclear program is a non-starter.
 "We know that North Korea is not going to go there.
 So if you want to actually negotiate something, you can't have an unrealistic goal," Jackson says.
 In Seoul, James Kim of the policy think tank the Asan Institute says the significance of this depends on North Korea's response to Tillerson.
 "It really depends whether North Korea stops testing and comes to the bargaining table to talk, or they continue to test and [show they're] not going to engage in any talks at this time," Kim says.
Tillerson tries to quell anxieties at State Dept. amid questions about his future
Ten months after taking office and seven months after beginning a "redesign" of the department that critics say has hollowed it out, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is making a push to be more transparent and open and boost sagging morale - starting
The push, described by a senior State Department official, comes as questions about his future continue to haunt Tillerson, after a White House plot to oust him was leaked to the press two weeks ago.
But Tillerson doubled down on his plans to revamp the nation's foreign service agency and pushed back on continued reports that it was being dismantled.
In particular, after a monthslong multimillion-dollar process that included 35,000 State Department and USAID employees taking an online survey, 300 in-person interviews and employee-led teams narrowing those ideas down with the help of two outside c
Some of the ideas got applause from those in attendance in Washington, such as an end to the hiring freeze for employees' spouses at posts around the world.
But that freeze was implemented by Tillerson, and a broader one remains in place for department employees.
It's been the cause of much frustration for missions and diplomats, although the State Department counters that Tillerson has signed 2,400 exemptions and denied only one to two dozen.
Tillerson also got applause for announcing a streamlining of the security clearance process, which "was frustrating for me," he said to laughs, and for changes to personnel policy that allow employees on medical or maternity leave to telecommute inst
But after months of planning that was seen as secretive by Capitol Hill and cuts to staffing through attrition, resignations, retirements and buy-outs, critics called it a small pot to show for his efforts.
"These are drops in a bucket compared to the magnitude of issues facing this department," Sen. Ben Cardin, D-Md., the ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said in a statement.
 "These problems have been needlessly inflicted by this administration ...
 It will take a lot of hard work to help State and USAID recover from the damage the freeze and rudderless 'redesign' have done."
 Tillerson referred to some bigger changes coming down the line, including upgrading and integrating the IT and HR systems, streamlining the process for policy to be created and raised to his attention and eliminating duplicative systems and processe
 He said that there will be no embassy or consulate closures but that there will be a re-evaluation of how many people are needed at various posts - citing London, Paris and Rome as missions that will likely be cut back.
 These new projects are two or three years in the future, he said - implying that he was sticking around to see them through.
 In the face of the reports that he was being ousted, Tillerson was at his most passionate talking about organizational performance, saying finding ways to increase it has been "one of the things I've gotten the greatest satisfaction from" in his car
 "The actual task at hand of dealing with North Korea?
 I don't enjoy that," he told the room of employees and those watching at posts around the world.
 "But I enjoy working with Susan Thornton on it," referring to the acting assistant secretary of state for East Asian and Pacific affairs as an example of a colleague he's gotten to know.
 "Unleashing" the talent of the department's personnel seemed to be his top priority.
Trumplomacy: Tillerson's 2018 hopes for North Korea
The reticent Secretary of State spoke at great length on Tuesday, first in a town hall meeting with State Department staff, and then in a policy speech at the Atlantic Council.
The headlines are that he's trying to find a way just to get in the same room, around the same table, as the North Koreans, that he's announced the first steps of his controversial department redesign - "quick wins" he called them - and that he plans
Oh, and he's more comfortable with cowboy culture than Washington politicos.
The North Korea line came up in a question-and-answer session after two scripted speeches on the same topic, and the White House was quick to say it wasn't a policy shift.
But it sounded like a softening.
Tillerson said Washington was ready to talk without preconditions, whenever Pyongyang was ready, and that first chat could be about anything, even the weather.
In the past he's been vague about preconditions, but suggested the North Koreans would have to at least demonstrate a willingness to consider giving up their nuclear arsenal.
So his readiness for talks of any kind, at least initially, is interesting.
And this coincides with a very senior UN visit to Pyongyang, by the Undersecretary General Jeffrey Feltman.
He urged North Korean officials to consider "talks about talks", in what he described as the most important mission he has ever taken.
 President Trump has taken a much tougher line in his public statements - famously tweeting that Tillerson was wasting his time trying to negotiate with "Little Rocket Man," his derogatory nickname for Kim Jong Un.
 But in practice he's gone along with Tillerson's diplomatic strategy, for now.
 And the secretary of state remained clear about the goal: that the US ultimately could not accept a nuclear-armed North Korea.
 Kim Jong Un, meanwhile, has been saying that his country aims to be the "strongest nuclear power" in the world.
 So no imminent visits to North Korea for Tillerson, but he will be travelling to South America and Africa in the new year, which suggests he plans to stay on for a bit longer as the country's top diplomat, despite reports that Trump doesn't get alon
 Tillerson gave a nod to his difficult year when asked by a State Department employee whether he was enjoying his job.
 "I'm learning to enjoy it," he said, to laughter from the floor.
 He explained that he didn't enjoy the actual task of dealing with countries like North Korea and Pakistan, but he did enjoy working with the department's diplomats and experts on these topics.
 His town hall was an effort to connect with staff who've have been alienated by the perception that he's gutting the State Department amidst budget cuts and hiring freezes.
 Tillerson gave them their first briefing on his project to redesign the department: he presented plans to revamp its outdated information technology; streamline its functions; and improve career management.
US ready for unconditional talks with North Korea, Tillerson says
SEOUL, South Korea - Secretary of State Rex Tillerson appeared to remove a major roadblock to talks with North Korea, saying the United States was willing to meet with the nuclear-armed country "without preconditions."
Tillerson said President Donald Trump supports the position, which would reverse current and past administration policy that the U.S. won't sit down with the North unless denuclearization is on the table.
The White House said later that the president's views on North Korea have not changed.
Trump, who has previously undercut Tillerson, was silent on the issue on the format he usually turns to for foreign policy announcements - Twitter.
He did, however, refer to North Korea as a "vile dictatorship" Tuesday as he signed a $700 billion defense authorization bill.
Tillerson's remarks came two weeks after North Korea test-fired its most powerful missile, which experts said showed the potential to reach the U.S. East Coast.
"We are ready to talk anytime North Korea would like to talk.
And we are ready to have the first meeting without preconditions," Tillerson said Tuesday in a speech at the Atlantic Council think tank in Washington.
He said the North would need to hold off on its weapons testing.
The reclusive state has test-fired more than 20 missiles so far this year, including the ICBM launched on Nov. 29.
 It also conducted its sixth and most powerful nuclear test.
 "Let's just meet and we can talk about the weather if you want to.
 We can talk about whether it's a square table or a round table if that's what you're excited about," Tillerson said.
 "But can we at least sit down and see each other face to face and then we can begin to lay out a map, a road map, of what we might be willing to work towards."
 Meanwhile, Jeffrey Feltman, the U.N. political chief who recently visited Pyongyang, said senior North Korean officials told him "it was important to prevent war."
 Feltman, a former American diplomat, said he stressed "the urgent need to prevent miscalculation and reduce the risk of conflict," during more than 15 hours of discussions with North Korea's foreign minister and other top officials.
 He called on them to open communication channels, including suspended military hotlines and "to start some kind of engagement, to start talking about talks."
 "They did not offer any type of commitment to us at that point.
 They have to reflect on what we said with their own leadership," he told reporters after privately briefing the U.N. Security Council.
 "I think we've left the door ajar, and I fervently hope that the door to a negotiated solution will now be opened wide."
Tillerson changes tune on North Korea
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson may have opened the way to negotiations with North Korea over its nuclear programme, saying Washington was ready to talk "without preconditions".
The apparent olive branch -- after a year of mutual threats by US President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un, and multiple missile tests by Pyongyang, coupled with its most powerful nuclear blast to date -- could help defuse sky-high 
But with the two sides engaged in a war of words there is a long way to go before any negotiations -- let alone a deal.
Here are some questions and answers on the issue.
The US has for years refused to talk unless the North first takes steps towards dismantling its nuclear programme.
But the North has staged six atomic tests and declared itself a full nuclear state after the ICBM test on November 28, rendering the prospect of nuclear disarmament increasingly unrealistic, according to experts.
"We are ready to talk anytime North Korea would like to talk.
We are ready to have the first meeting without preconditions.
Let's just meet," Tillerson said at a forum in Washington.
William Perry, a former US Defense Secretary who helped broker the 1994 Agreed Framework nuclear deal with the North, said it was "very encouraging news".
 "We must find a way to come to the table in order to de-escalate the volatile situation with North Korea," he tweeted.
 What does Donald Trump think?
 Trump administration officials have piled pressure on Pyongyang with US-led UN sanctions and talk of a potential pre-emptive attack, with National Security Adviser HR McMaster saying this month the potential for war was "increasing every day".
 The president has previously dismissed Tillerson's push for talks with the North, tweeting in October that his top diplomat was "wasting his time trying to negotiate with Little Rocket Man" - his favoured epithet for Kim.
 "Save your energy, Rex, we'll do what has to be done!"
 he added -- and rumours have swirled in recent weeks that Trump was about to sack him.
 Whether Tillerson's words herald a major policy shift by the administration remains to be seen.
 White House spokesman Sarah Huckabee Sanders said Trump's views on the North "have not changed".
 The North has long expressed a willingness to talk without preconditions and is likely to respond positively to any such offer, analysts say.
 "They have believed that the US would have no choice but to sit down with the North for talks in the end... and they might have been right," said Chung Sung-Yoon, of the Korea Institute for National Unification in Seoul.
US ready for talks with N Korea without preconditions
The US is ready to talk to North Korea over its nuclear disarmament without preconditions, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said, in what appeared to be a softening of America's stance toward Pyongyang.
The offer to North Korea comes amid crippling sanctions on the country and just two weeks after after another intercontinental ballistic missile test by the reclusive nation.
It also marks a shift from Tillerson's own previous comments that the US would not negotiate its way to the negotiating table with North Korea and that it would only talk once the regime was ready to address its denuclearisation.
"We've said from the diplomatic side we're ready to talk anytime North Korea would like to talk, and were ready to have the first meeting without precondition.
Let's just meet," Tillerson said.
He was speaking on 'Meeting the Foreign Policy Challenges of 2017 and Beyond' organised by the 2017 Atlantic Council- Korea Foundation Forum.
"And then we can begin to lay out a map, a roadmap of what we might be willing to work towards," he said.
The offer stands in contrast to President Donald Trump's warnings that talks have failed and that Tillerson was wasting his time.
Tillerson said it was not workable to demand that North Korea give up its weapons before talks begin.
"Its not realistic to say were only going to talk if you come to the table ready to give up your program.
 They have too much invested in it.
 And the President is very realistic about that as well," he said.
 in response to a question after delivering his remarks.
 However, the White House was quick to assert that there had been no change in the views of the president on North Korea.
 "The President's views on North Korea have not changed.
 North Korea is acting in an unsafe way not only toward Japan, China, and South Korea, but the entire world.
 North Korea's actions are not good for anyone and certainly not good for North Korea," White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders said in a statement to the press.
 The secretary of state made clear that full North Korean nuclear disarmament would be the ultimate goal of substantive negotiations.
 He argued that containment was not an option, as an impoverished North Korea would seek to earn money by selling its nuclear weapons on the black market.
 "Because were dealing with a new leader in North Korea that no ones ever engaged with.
US open to initial meeting with North Korea 'without precondition'
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is willing to talk to North Korean officials "without precondition," at least for an initial round of diplomacy over the regime's nuclear weapons program.
"[W]e're ready to have the first meeting without precondition," Tillerson said during an event at the Atlantic Council in Washington, D.C. "Let's just meet.
We can talk about the weather if you want.
We can talk about whether it's going to be a square table or a round table if that's what you're excited about.
But can we at least sit down and see each other face-to-face.
And then we can begin to lay out a map, a roadmap, of what we might be willing to work towards."
That's a less-demanding posture that Tillerson has adopted in recent months when he ruled out negotiations based on anything other than North Korea agreeing to dismantle its nuclear weapons program.
Tillerson maintained a hardline position regarding the regime's long-term retention of the nuclear weapons, but he seemed to soften his previous expectations for what early negotiations might look like.
"It's not realistic to say 'we're only going to talk if you come to the table ready to give up your program.'
They have too much invested in it," Tillerson said.
 "And the president is very realistic about that as well."
 That perspective appears to represent a shift in Tillerson's thinking.
 "We don't think having a dialogue where the North Koreans come to the table assuming they're going to maintain their nuclear weapons is productive," he told reporters in August.
 Tillerson's negotiating posture might harden after the United States sharpened its assessment of "a new leader in North Korea that no one has ever engaged with."
 He emphasized that the United States cannot learn to live with a nuclear-armed North Korea, notwithstanding the history of doing so with the Soviet empire during the Cold War.
 "The difference is that, [from] the past behavior of North Korea, it's clear to us that they would not just use the possess of nuclear weapons as a deterrent," Tilllerson said.
 "This would become a commercial activity for them, because we already see elements of it in the commercial marketplace.
 And in a world we live in today where our greatest threats are non-state actors, we simply cannot accept that."
 That's why President Trump's team is willing to contemplate the possibility of war with North Korea despite the recognition that such a conflict "would be catastrophic," as Defense Secretary Jim Mattis has acknowledged.
 "Yes, there are multiple military options that have been developed to deal with a failure on my part," Tillerson said.
Kim Jong-Un Vows to 'Win Victory in the Showdown' with US
The nuclear-armed North has rattled the international community with a flurry of nuclear blasts and missile launches, most recently on November 29 when it test-fired its longest-range intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM), capable of reaching all
Kim told workers behind the latest test that his country would "victoriously advance and leap as the strongest nuclear power and military power in the world" at a conference on Tuesday, according to state news agency KCNA.
"The... national defense industry will continue to develop and we will win victory in the showdown with the imperialists and the US," he was indirectly quoted as saying.
The country's nuclear force had been completed in a "death-defying struggle" and despite a high cost, he added.
Kim's comments come as global powers scramble for a response to the crisis, with the US backing stringent economic and diplomatic sanctions on Kim's regime to halt its nuclear drive.
But the North has continued to lob missiles, posing a major challenge to US President Donald Trump.
Fears of a catastrophic conflict with the nuclear-armed regime have spiked as the leaders have taunted each other, with Trump dubbing his rival "Little Rocket Man".
Tension flared anew in the flashpoint peninsula after the November 29 launch of the Hwasong-15 ICBM, which the North claimed could deliver a "super-large heavy warhead" anywhere on the US mainland.
Many analysts suggest that the rocket is capable of reaching the US mainland but voice skepticism that Pyongyang has mastered the advanced technology needed to allow the rocket to survive re-entry to the Earth's atmosphere.
The launch was the first test of any kind since September 15, and quashed hopes that the North may have held back in order to open the door to a negotiated solution to the nuclear standoff.
 But US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said for the first time that Washington was willing to talk to Pyongyang "without preconditions".
 The US has long insisted that the North should take concrete steps toward disarming before any negotiations, which should lead to complete, irreversible and verifiable denuclearization.
 "It's not realistic to say we're only going to talk if you come to the table ready to give up your programme," Tillerson told a meeting of the Atlantic Council policy forum.
 "They have too much invested in it."
 But he also warned that the US military stands ready to act if necessary.
 The latest military standoff prompted concerns of another full-scale conflict in the region after the 1950-53 Korean War that left much of the peninsula in ruins.
 Even if a second war remained conventional, tens of thousands of South Koreans - as well as many of the 28 500 US troops stationed in the country - are expected to be killed just in the first days of fighting, analysts say.



The very best stories of how Rex Tillerson is destroying the State Department
But the media have been harder on him than on any other Cabinet member.
A week does not pass without the publication of explicit articles or opinion pieces calling on Tillerson to resign (such as here , here , here , and here ).
Rex Tillerson should be the darling of the liberal media.
He supported sticking with the Iran deal , which basically allows Iran to develop nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles.
He opposed stating the obvious : that Israel's capital is Jerusalem.
And he supported the ridiculous Paris climate change treaty.
Because Tillerson has been working assiduously to cut the staff of the State Department.
He wants to cut the State Department staff by 8%.
Liberals are horrified.
They don't have the faintest idea how many people should be working at the State Department.
 All they know is that however many there are, there shouldn't be fewer.
 Even worse, Tillerson hasn't filled many senior political positions at the State Department, and he's been criticized for not consulting with the staff there - he makes them feel unimportant!
 The media are full of stories of the "understaffed" State Department.
 Vox says the understaffed State Department makes the situation with North Korea more dangerous.
 We need a fully staffed State Department to "make high-level statements."
 Or do we?
 But in the same article, Vox, incredibly, admits that perhaps the State Department just doesn't matter:
 Here's another great quote from the WaPo where in one sentence it also says the understaffing will have a terrible effect - and no effect at all!
 Many at the State Department have nothing to do.
 Some try to conduct policy meetings just to retain the muscle memory and focus, but, said another department employee, "in the last couple months, it's been a lot more sitting around and going home earlier than usual."
U.S. Will Talk To North Korea 'Until The First Bomb Drops,' Rex Tillerson Says
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson told world leaders on Tuesday that the U.S. will seek diplomacy with North Korea "until the first bomb drops."
Tillerson reiterated his long-held stance in speaking before the Atlantic Council Korea Foundation Forum, but also said that Defense Secretary James Mattis is prepared for war if it comes to it.
"As I've told people many times, I will continue our diplomatic efforts until the first bomb drops," Tillerson said, according to The Hill.
"I'm confident that we're going to be successful, but I'm also confident that Secretary Mattis will be successful if it ends up being his turn."
Keep up with this story and more by subscribing now
Tillerson said the U.S. needs North Korea to come to the table for a conversation.
"We're ready to talk any time they'd like to talk," he said.
"In the meantime, our military preparedness is strong."
The secretary of state explained that President Donald Trump has ordered military planners to have a "full range of contingencies available" and that they are ready for action.
Tillerson's speech came as the U.S., South Korea and Japan wrapped up the second day of missile-tracking drills in the waters between the Korean Peninsula and Japan.
 They were the first trilateral anti-missile exercises the allies have conducted since North Korea launched its most powerful rocket yet on November 29, which it reported was capable of reaching anywhere in the U.S. mainland.
 The missile, called Hwasong-15, "went higher, frankly, than any previous shot they've taken," Mattis said after the test.
 "The bottom line is it is a continued effort to build a ballistic missile threat that endangers world peace, regional peace and certainly the United States."
 Last week, the U.S. and South Korea ran a large-scale joint aerial exercise called Vigilant Ace that involved more than 230 aircraft preparing for a military attack on the North.
 The show of power heightened tensions in the region, with Pyongyang blaming Trump for causing "a flare-up."
 North Korea's Committee for the Peaceful Reunification of the Country called Trump "insane" and stated that the aerial drills would "push the already acute situation on the Korean Peninsula to the brink of nuclear war."
 North Korea leader Kim Jong Un has repeatedly said that he has no intention to denuclearize as the U.S. has demanded, and will continue building up the nation's nuclear and missile arsenal.
 After Trump in September threatened to "totally destroy" the regime if provoked, Kim responded, "The path I chose is correct and that is the one I have to follow to the last."


North Korea and U.S. are meeting for talks
The United States had previously held that they would not engage in talks with the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) unless certain conditions were met.
President Trump has held that North Korea must agree to denuclearization before talks could commence, reiterating this position in November's diplomatic visit to Asia.
Until today, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson had echoed this stance.
Today, Tillerson, surprised the world by changing the United States' stance on diplomatic talks with the isolationist dictatorship.
Appearing before the Atlantic Council Korea Foundation Forum, Tillerson said, "[W]e're ready to have the first meeting without precondition."
The Secretary of State went on to say, "We can at least sit down and see each other face to face.
And then we can begin to lay out a map, a roadmap, of what we might be willing to work towards We need the DPRK to come to the table for talks.
We're ready to talk any time they'd like to talk."
Tillerson's new position comes at a time when the media has been wildly speculating about a rift between the Secretary of State and President Trump, with many news outlets claiming the Secretary of State is about to see a pink slip.
In his speech, Tillerson seemed to imply that President Trump also backs his position, saying, "It's not realistic to say 'we're only going to talk if you come to the table ready to give up your program.'
 They have too much invested in it.
 And the president is very realistic about that as well."
 Despite the willingness to reach a diplomatic solution, the Secretary of State did not weaken the stance of the United States, insisting that North Korea must be willing to consider denuclearization.
 While emphasizing his desire for diplomatic relations, Tillerson also stressed the willingness of the current administration to seek military intervention if necessary, saying, "As I've told people many times, I will continue our diplomatic efforts 
 I'm confident that we're gonna be successful.
 But I'm also confident that Secretary Mattis will be successful if it ends up being his turn."
 Tillerson also emphasized his partnership with Secretary Mattis.
 The change in position comes on the heels of Pyongyang's most successful missile test to date.
 The Hwasong-15 missile that was launched November 29th is believed to put the entire continental United States within the range of the North Korea's nuclear weapons.
 If these estimates are true, the Hwasong-15 test serves as a major turning point in US/DPRK relations, as well as in the nuclear arena overall.
